0	The presence of communication amid scientific minds was equally important to the success of the Manhattan Project as scientific intellect was. The only cloud hanging over the impressive achievement of the atomic researchers and engineers is what their success truly meant; hundreds of thousands of innocent lives obliterated.
1	The Manhattan Project and its atomic bomb helped bring an end to World War II. Its legacy of peaceful uses of atomic energy continues to have an impact on history and science.
2	Essay on The Manhattan Project - The Manhattan Project The Manhattan Project was to see if making an atomic bomb possible. The success of this project would forever change the world forever making it known that something this powerful can be manmade.
3	The Manhattan Project was the name for a project conducted during World War II, to develop the first atomic bomb. It refers specifically to the period of the project from 194 … 2-1946 under the control of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, under the administration of General Leslie R. Groves.
4	versions of each volume as well as complementary websites. The first website–The Manhattan Project: An Interactive History–is available on the Office of History and Heritage Resources website, http://www.cfo. doe.gov/me70/history. The Office of History and Heritage Resources and the National Nuclear Security
5	The Manhattan Project. This once classified photograph features the first atomic bomb — a weapon that atomic scientists had nicknamed Gadget.. The nuclear age began on July 16, 1945, when it was detonated in the New Mexico desert.
6	Nor will it attempt to substitute for the extraordinarily rich literature on the atomic bombs and the end of World War II. This collection does not attempt to document the origins and development of the Manhattan Project.
7	Manhattan Project. The Manhattan Project was a research and development undertaking during World War II that produced the first nuclear weapons. It was led by the United States with the support of the United Kingdom and Canada. From 1942 to 1946, the project was under the direction of Major General Leslie Groves of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Nuclear physicist Robert Oppenheimer was the director of the Los Alamos Laboratory that designed the actual bombs. The Army component of the project was designated the
8	In June 1942, the United States Army Corps of Engineersbegan the Manhattan Project- The secret name for the 2 atomic bombs.
9	One of the main reasons Hanford was selected as a site for the Manhattan Project's B Reactor was its proximity to the Columbia River, the largest river flowing into the Pacific Ocean from the North American coast.
10	group discussions, community boards or panels with a third party, or victim and offender dialogues, and requires a skilled facilitator who also has sufficient understanding of sexual assault, domestic violence, and dating violence, as well as trauma and safety issues.
11	punishment designed to repair the damage done to the victim and community by an offender's criminal act. Ex: community service, Big Brother program indeterminate sentence
12	Tutorial: Introduction to Restorative Justice. Restorative justice is a theory of justice that emphasizes repairing the harm caused by criminal behaviour. It is best accomplished through cooperative processes that include all stakeholders. This can lead to transformation of people, relationships and communities. Practices and programs reflecting restorative purposes will respond to crime by: 1  identifying and taking steps to repair harm, 2  involving all stakeholders, and. 3  transforming the traditional relationship between communities and their governments in responding to crime.
13	Organize volunteer community panels, boards, or committees that meet with the offender to discuss the incident and offender obligation to repair the harm to victims and community members. Facilitate the process of apologies to victims and communities. Invite local victim advocates to provide ongoing victim-awareness training for probation staff.
14	The purpose of this paper is to point out a number of unresolved issues in the criminal justice system, present the underlying principles of restorative justice, and then to review the growing amount of empirical data on victim-offender mediation.
15	Each of these types of communities—the geographic community of the victim, offender, or crime; the community of care; and civil society—may be injured by crime in different ways and degrees, but all will be affected in common ways as well: The sense of safety and confidence of their members is threatened, order within the community is threatened, and (depending on the kind of crime) common values of the community are challenged and perhaps eroded.
16	The approach is based on a theory of justice that considers crime and wrongdoing to be an offense against an individual or community, rather than the State. Restorative justice that fosters dialogue between victim and offender has shown the highest rates of victim satisfaction and offender accountability.
17	Inherent in many people’s understanding of the notion of ADR is the existence of a dispute between identifiable parties. Criminal justice, however, is not usually conceptualised as a dispute between victim and offender, but is instead seen as a matter concerning the relationship between the offender and the state. This raises a complex question as to whether a criminal offence can properly be described as a ‘dispute’.
18	Criminal justice, however, is not usually conceptualised as a dispute between victim and offender, but is instead seen as a matter concerning the relationship between the offender and the state. 3 This raises a complex question as to whether a criminal offence can properly be described as a ‘dispute’.
19	The circle includes a wide range of participants including not only the offender and the victim but also friends and families, community members, and justice system representatives. The primary distinction between conferencing and circles is that circles do not focus exclusively on the offense and do not limit their solutions to repairing the harm between the victim and the offender.
20	Phloem is a conductive (or vascular) tissue found in plants. Phloem carries the products of photosynthesis (sucrose and glucose) from the leaves to other parts of the plant. … The corresponding system that circulates water and minerals from the roots is called the xylem.
21	Phloem and xylem are complex tissues that perform transportation of food and water in a plant. They are the vascular tissues of the plant and together form vascular bundles. They work together as a unit to bring about effective transportation of food, nutrients, minerals and water.
22	Phloem and xylem are complex tissues that perform transportation of food and water in a plant. They are the vascular tissues of the plant and together form vascular bundles.
23	Phloem is a conductive (or vascular) tissue found in plants. Phloem carries the products of photosynthesis (sucrose and glucose) from the leaves to other parts of the plant.
24	Unlike xylem (which is composed primarily of dead cells), the phloem is composed of still-living cells that transport sap. The sap is a water-based solution, but rich in sugars made by the photosynthetic areas.
25	In xylem vessels water travels by bulk flow rather than cell diffusion. In phloem, concentration of organic substance inside a phloem cell (e.g., leaf) creates a diffusion gradient by which water flows into cells and phloem sap moves from source of organic substance to sugar sinks by turgor pressure.
26	The mechanism by which sugars are transported through the phloem, from sources to sinks, is called pressure flow. At the sources (usually the leaves), sugar molecules are moved into the sieve elements (phloem cells) through active transport.
27	Phloem carries the products of photosynthesis (sucrose and glucose) from the leaves to other parts of the plant. … The corresponding system that circulates water and minerals from the roots is called the xylem.
28	Xylem transports water and soluble mineral nutrients from roots to various parts of the plant. It is responsible for replacing water lost through transpiration and photosynthesis. Phloem translocates sugars made by photosynthetic areas of plants to storage organs like roots, tubers or bulbs.
29	At this time the Industrial Workers of the World had a membership of over 100,000 members. In 1913 William Haywood replaced Vincent Saint John as secretary-treasurer of the Industrial Workers of the World. By this time, the IWW had 100,000 members.
30	This was not true of the Industrial Workers of the World and as a result many of its members were first and second generation immigrants. Several immigrants such as Mary 'Mother' Jones, Hubert Harrison, Carlo Tresca, Arturo Giovannitti and Joe Haaglund Hill became leaders of the organization.
31	Chinese Immigration and the Chinese Exclusion Acts. In the 1850s, Chinese workers migrated to the United States, first to work in the gold mines, but also to take agricultural jobs, and factory work, especially in the garment industry.
32	The Rise of Industrial America, 1877-1900. When in 1873 Mark Twain and Charles Dudley Warner entitled their co-authored novel The Gilded Age, they gave the late nineteenth century its popular name. The term reflected the combination of outward wealth and dazzle with inner corruption and poverty.
33	American objections to Chinese immigration took many forms, and generally stemmed from economic and cultural tensions, as well as ethnic discrimination. Most Chinese laborers who came to the United States did so in order to send money back to China to support their families there.
34	The rise of industrial America, the dominance of wage labor, and the growth of cities represented perhaps the greatest changes of the period. Few Americans at the end of the Civil War had anticipated the rapid rise of American industry.
35	The resulting Angell Treaty permitted the United States to restrict, but not completely prohibit, Chinese immigration. In 1882, Congress passed the Chinese Exclusion Act, which, per the terms of the Angell Treaty, suspended the immigration of Chinese laborers (skilled or unskilled) for a period of 10 years.
36	Industrial Workers of the World. In 1905 representatives of 43 groups who opposed the policies of American Federation of Labour, formed the radical labour organisation, the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW). The IWW's goal was to promote worker solidarity in the revolutionary struggle to overthrow the employing class.
37	The railroads powered the industrial economy. They consumed the majority of iron and steel produced in the United States before 1890. As late as 1882, steel rails accounted for 90 percent of the steel production in the United States. They were the nation’s largest consumer of lumber and a major consumer of coal.
38	This finally resulted in legislation that aimed to limit future immigration of Chinese workers to the United States, and threatened to sour diplomatic relations between the United States and China.
39	Costa Rica is known as a prime Eco-tourism destination so visitors are assured of majestic views, amazing destination spots and a temperate climate. These factors assure medical tourists of an excellent vacation experience that is conducive for recovery and relaxation.
40	Medical Tours Costa Rica: Medical Tourism Made Easy! “No Other Firm Has Helped More Patients. Receive Care Over the Last 15 Years”
41	Medical Tours Costa Rica difference: At MTCR, our aim is to become your “one-stop shop” for health care services, so we have put together packages with you, the medical tourist, in mind, offering a wide variety of specialties.
42	Cost of Medical Treatment in Costa Rica. The following are cost comparisons between Medical procedures in Costa Rica and equivalent procedures in the United States: [sources: 1,2]
43	Common Treatments done by Medical Tourists in Costa Rica. Known initially for its excellent dental surgery services, medical tourism in Costa Rica has spread to a variety of other medical procedures, including: General and cosmetic dentistry; Cosmetic surgery; Aesthetic procedures (botox, skin resurfacing etc) Bariatric and Laparoscopic surgery
44	Medical Tours costa Rica office remains within the hospital and the Cook brothers 15 year relationship running the hospital’s insurance office and seven years running the international patient department serves you the client very well.
45	About us. Medical Tours Costa Rica has helped thousands of patients and are the innovators in medical travel to Costa Rica. Brad and Bill Cook are visionaries that saw the writing on the wall while running the International insurance office for Costa Rica’s busiest and most respected hospital The Clinica Biblica.
46	In an era of rising health care costs and decreased medical coverage, the concept of combining surgery with travel has taken off. The last decade has seen a boom in the health tourism sector in Costa Rica, especially in the area of plastic surgery.
47	The World Bank ranked Costa Rica as having the highest life expectancy, at 78.7 years. This figure is the highest amongst all countries in Latin America, and is equivalent to the level in Canada and higher than the United States by a year. Top Hospitals for Medical Tourism in Costa Rica
48	Over the last decade, Costa Rica has evolved from being a mere eco-tourism destination and emerged as a country of choice for foreigners, particularly from United States and Canada. These seek quality healthcare services and surgeries at a much lower price than their home countries.
49	Color—urine can be a variety of colors, most often shades of yellow, from very pale or colorless to very dark or amber. Unusual or abnormal urine colors can be the result of a disease process, several medications (e.g., multivitamins can turn urine bright yellow), or the result of eating certain foods.
50	I had 3 cups of coffee and a red bull today all in 4 hours. The first time I urinated, it was an amber color. Then I got worried and drank a lot of water and now my urine is back to normal (light yellow). This only happened once after drinking all that caffeine. Related Topics: Coffee, Urination, Drinking, Caffeine.
51	During the visual examination of the urine, the laboratorian observes the urine's color and clarity. These can be signs of what substances may be present in the urine. They are interpreted in conjunction with results obtained during the chemical and microscopic examinations to confirm what substances are present.
52	But the basic details of your urine -- color, smell, and how often you go -- can give you a hint about what’s going on inside your body. Pee is your body’s liquid waste, mainly made of water, salt, and chemicals called urea and uric acid. Your kidneys make it when they filter toxins and other bad stuff from your blood.
53	However, red-colored urine can also occur when blood is present in the urine and can be an indicator of disease or damage to some part of the urinary system. Another example is yellow-brown or greenish-brown urine that may be a sign of bilirubin in the urine (see The Chemical Examination section).
54	The shade, light or dark, also changes. If it has no color at all, that may be because you’ve been drinking a lot of water or taking a drug called a diuretic, which helps your body get rid of fluid. Very dark honey- or brown-colored urine could be a sign that you’re dehydrated and need to get more fluids right away.
55	A good rule of thumb is the darker your urine, the more water you need to drink. And if your urine is any other color besides a various shade of yellow (which we’ll get into down below) something may be wrong.
56	Color, density, and smell can reveal health problems. Human urine has been a useful tool of diagnosis since the earliest days of medicine. The color, density, and smell of urine can reveal much about the state of our health. Here, for starters, are some of the things you can tell from the hue of your liquid excreta. Advertising Policy.
57	More concentrated urine in the bladder can be darker. As long as your urine returned to a more-normal, light yellow color after you drank more water, there is no need to be concerned.
58	The color, density, and smell of urine can reveal much about the state of our health. Here, for starters, are some of the things you can tell from the hue of your liquid excreta. Cleveland Clinic is a non-profit academic medical center. Advertising on our site helps support our mission.
59	The most common cause for liver transplantation in adults is cirrhosis caused by various types of liver injuries such as infections (hepatitis B and C), alcohol, autoimmune liver diseases, early‐stage liver cancer, metabolic and hereditary disorders, but also diseases of unknown aetiology.ombination therapy of ursodeoxycholic acid and corticosteroids for primary biliary cirrhosis with features of autoimmune hepatitis: a meta-analysis. A meta-analysis was performed of RCTs comparing therapies that combine UDCA and corticosteroids with UDCA monotherapy.
60	Inborn errors of bile acid synthesis can produce life-threatening cholestatic liver disease (which usually presents in infancy) and progressive neurological disease presenting later in childhood or in adult life.he neurological presentation often includes signs of upper motor neurone damage (spastic paraparesis). The most useful screening test for many of these disorders is analysis of urinary cholanoids (bile acids and bile alcohols); this is usually now achieved by electrospray ionisation tandem mass spectrometry.
61	Autoimmune liver disease and thyroid disease. Autoimmune disorders, including autoimmune thyroid disorders, occur in up to 34% of patients with autoimmune hepatitis. The presence of these disorders is associated with female sex, older age and certain human leukocyte antigens (HLAs).he liver might also be affected in patients with the genetic autoimmune disease, polyglandular autoimmune syndrome, which affects the thyroid gland. This interaction again demonstrates crosstalk between autoimmune disturbances in the thyroid system and the liver.
62	Primary biliary cirrhosis, or PBC, is a chronic, or long-term, disease of the liver that slowly destroys the medium-sized bile ducts within the liver. Bile is a digestive liquid that is made in the liver. It travels through the bile ducts to the small intestine, where it helps digest fats and fatty vitamins.In patients with PBC, the bile ducts are destroyed by inflammation. This causes bile to remain in the liver, where gradual injury damages liver cells and causes cirrhosis, or scarring of the liver.As cirrhosis progresses and the amount of scar tissue in the liver increases, the liver loses its ability to function.t travels through the bile ducts to the small intestine, where it helps digest fats and fatty vitamins. In patients with PBC, the bile ducts are destroyed by inflammation. This causes bile to remain in the liver, where gradual injury damages liver cells and causes cirrhosis, or scarring of the liver.
63	Hepatitis B and C, alcoholism, hemochromatosis, and primary biliary cirrhosis -- all causes of cirrhosis -- are some of the major risk factors for liver cancer. Cirrhosis due to hepatitis C is the leading cause of hepatocellular carcinoma in the United States.rimary Biliary Cirrhosis. Up to 95% of primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) cases occur in women, usually around age 50. In people with PBC, the immune system attacks and destroys cells in the liver’s bile ducts. Like many autoimmune disorders, the causes of PBC are unknown.
64	The disorders of peroxisome biogenesis and peroxisomal β-oxidation that affect bile acid synthesis will be covered in the review by Ferdinandusse et al.he neurological presentation often includes signs of upper motor neurone damage (spastic paraparesis). The most useful screening test for many of these disorders is analysis of urinary cholanoids (bile acids and bile alcohols); this is usually now achieved by electrospray ionisation tandem mass spectrometry.
65	The neurological presentation often includes signs of upper motor neurone damage (spastic paraparesis). The most useful screening test for many of these disorders is analysis of urinary cholanoids (bile acids and bile alcohols); this is usually now achieved by electrospray ionisation tandem mass spectrometry.he neurological presentation often includes signs of upper motor neurone damage (spastic paraparesis). The most useful screening test for many of these disorders is analysis of urinary cholanoids (bile acids and bile alcohols); this is usually now achieved by electrospray ionisation tandem mass spectrometry.
66	Autoimmune Hepatitis. A liver disease in which the body's immune system damages liver cells for unknown reasons. PubMed Health Glossary. (Source: NIH-National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases).ombination therapy of ursodeoxycholic acid and corticosteroids for primary biliary cirrhosis with features of autoimmune hepatitis: a meta-analysis. A meta-analysis was performed of RCTs comparing therapies that combine UDCA and corticosteroids with UDCA monotherapy.
67	1 itchiness (pruritus). 2  Pruritus is the primary symptom of cholestasis and is thought to be due to interactions of serum bile acids with opioidergic nerves. 3  In fact, the opioid antagonist naltrexone is used to treat pruritus due to cholestasis.ile is secreted by the liver to aid in the digestion of fats. Bile formation begins in bile canaliculi that form between two adjacent surfaces of liver cells (hepatocytes) similar to the terminal branches of a tree.
68	Primary Biliary Cirrhosis. Up to 95% of primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) cases occur in women, usually around age 50. In people with PBC, the immune system attacks and destroys cells in the liver’s bile ducts. Like many autoimmune disorders, the causes of PBC are unknown.rimary Biliary Cirrhosis. Up to 95% of primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) cases occur in women, usually around age 50. In people with PBC, the immune system attacks and destroys cells in the liver’s bile ducts. Like many autoimmune disorders, the causes of PBC are unknown.
69	However, a major motive with people today wanting to use the barley harvest to determine the start of the year is to justify starting the year AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE, frequently even before the end of winter. That is in fact the opposite of what the Talmud records the leaders of the Sanhedrin occasionally doing ...
70	Some people claim that the timing of the barley harvest in Israel should be the deciding factor as to when to start the new year for determining the observance of God's annual Feasts and Holy Days.
71	Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), a member of the grass family, is a major cereal grain. It was one of the first cultivated grains and is now grown widely. Barley grain is a staple in Tibetan cuisine and was eaten widely by peasants in Medieval Europe. Barley has also been used as animal fodder, as a source of fermentable material for beer and certain distilled beverages, and as a component of various health foods.
72	The state of the barley harvest could PERHAPS cause the start of a year to be postponed to THE FOLLOWING NEW MOON (thereby giving the previous year a 13th month), but the state of the barley harvest could NEVER DETERMINE THAT AN EARLIER NEW MOON SHOULD BE USED TO START THE YEAR!
73	The grape harvest was usually completed before Tabernacles, but most of the olive harvest came after the autumn festivals. In ancient Israel the primary harvest season extended from April to November. This harvest period might be subdivided into three seasons and three major crops: the spring grain harvest, the summer grape harvest and the autumn olive harvest.
74	Barley is not as cold tolerant as the winter wheats (Triticum aestivum), fall rye (Secale cereale) or winter triticale (× Triticosecale Wittm. ex A. Camus.), but may be sown as a winter crop in warmer areas of Australia and Great Britain. Barley has a short growing season and is also relatively drought tolerant.
75	“Wheat ripens later than barley and, according to the Gezer Manual, was harvested during the sixth agricultural season, yrh qsr wkl (end of April to end of May)” (page 88; also see the chart on page 37 of Borowski’s book, reproduced below).
76	That claim is obviously not correct. God did not hinge the start of a new year on the state of the barley crop, even if on occasions in the first and second centuries A.D. the pharisaical leaders of the Sanhedrin in Jerusalem decided to use the state of the barley harvest to start a new year one new moon later.
77	Barley is always sown in the autumn, after the early rains, and the barley harvest, which for any given locality precedes the wheat harvest (Exodus 9:31 f), begins near Jericho in April--or even March--but in the hill country of Palestine is not concluded until the end of May or beginning of June.
78	Pentecost, near the end of the grain harvest, included grain and loaf offerings (verses 16-17). Pentecost was also called “the Feast of Harvest” (Exodus 23:16). Barley and wheat were planted in the autumn and ripened in spring. Barley matured faster and would be harvested sooner. The firstfruits of grain offered during the Festival of Unleavened Bread would have been barley.
79	There are however some very serious illnesses that can cause this pain in left side under ribs. These would include pneumothorax, pancreatitis, and dissection of the abdominal aorta. It could also be a spleen disorder, kidney stones, or pericardritis (inflammation of the heart sac).
80	Pancreatitis is an inflammation of the pancreas and can be caused by eating very fatty foods. If the left side pain under ribs is caused by a dissection of the abdominal aorta, your life is in immediate danger. Dying from an internal hemorrhage is the major risk involved in this situation.
81	What organs are on your left side of body. Causes of Pain under Left Rib Cage. Here are just some of the possible reasons why you may be feeling pain under your left rib cage: Gas Stuck in the Colon – There is a chance that you have gas stuck in your colon. The amount of gas that is stuck may be excessive.
82	For the individual bones, see Rib. For ribs of animals as food, see Ribs (food). For other uses, see Rib (disambiguation). The rib cage is an arrangement of bones in the thorax of all vertebrates except the lamprey and the frog. It is formed by the vertebral column, ribs, and sternum and encloses the heart and lungs.
83	If the lower set of ribs on the right side of the rib cage get damaged due to an injury, then one is likely to experience a sharp pain under the right rib cage. If the pain worsens when one tries to bend or twist the body, then an X-ray examination should be conducted to study the extent of damage to the ribs.
84	Vital organs such as heart and lungs are protected by the rib cage. Under the rib cage lie many organs that form a part of the abdomen. Most of the organs that lie in the abdominal region are a part of the digestive system. These include the liver, gallbladder, kidneys, pancreas, spleen, stomach, small intestine and the large intestine.
85	The only organs contained in the chest cavity are the lungs and the heart. Obviously, one of the lungs is under the left rib cage, and then the heart is also found here. The o…nly other part of the chest cavity to be noted would be the diaphragm, which aids a person's breathing. 4 people found this useful.
86	Usually, you can feel the pain reverberating from the upper portion of the left side of your abdomen towards the left side of your ribcage. Irritation on the Spleen – There is a chance that your spleen has already ruptured because of various reasons and this can cause some pains on the left rib cage.
87	Each rib consists of a head, neck, and a shaft, and they are numbered from top to bottom. The head of rib is the end part closest to the spine with which it articulates. It is marked by a kidney-shaped articular surface which is divided by a horizontal crest into two facets.
88	With either of these there is a fairly simple medication treatment. There is also the possibility that gas is caught in the colon. This is even less serious that acid reflux and does not require medication to resolve it. Sharp pain left side under ribs might come from a condition called costochondritis.
89	1 COMMERCIAL CONCRETE. Since 1981, Wheeler Services, Inc has handled commercial concrete projects such as Medical offices, Auto plants, Commercial buildings, Retail buildings, Colleges, Manufacturing Plants, Restaurants, Churches, Our areas of service include Georgia, Alabama, North Carolina and South Carolina.
90	Lendmark Financial Services, LLC Steve was named Chief Credit Officer of Lendmark Financial Services, LLC in January 2016. In his current role, Steve oversees the credit philosophy and manages both the short and long-term credit strategy for Lendmark.
91	Wheeler Services, Inc. is a commercial contractor specialized in building concrete structures such as foundations, slabs on grade,elevated decks, retaining walls, heavy duty paving, hardscaping,staircases, and storm water management structures. Additionally, its commercial and residential landscaping division has been in business since 1981.
92	Dr. Wheeler graduated from the Latvian Med Academy, Riga, Latvia (fn: 594 01) in 1977. She works in Crisfield, MD and 1 other location and specializes in Emergency Medicine. Dr. Wheeler is affiliated with Atlantic General Hospital, McCready Foundation and Peninsula Regional Medical Center. Experience Years Experience: 41
93	With over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry, Steve has extensive expertise in consumer finance risk management and compliance, operational risk management, and securitization and funding strategy.
94	Steve Wheeler was recently named Chief Credit Officer for Lendmark Financial Services, LLC. Click to learn more about Steve Wheeler.
95	Dr. Wheeler's Education & Training. Medical School Latvian Med Academy, Riga, Latvia (fn: 594 01); Graduated 1977
96	He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in American Legal and Constitutional History from the University of Minnesota where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. Steve is also a proud veteran who served in the U.S. Army and U.S. Army Reserves. ©2017 Lendmark Financial Services, LLC. Steve was named Chief Credit Officer of Lendmark Financial Services, LLC in January 2016. In his current role, Steve oversees the credit philosophy and manages both the short and long-term credit strategy for Lendmark.
97	Dr. Wheeler's Accepted Insurance. Please verify insurance information directly with your doctor's office as it may change frequently. Not Available; Dr. Wheeler's Office Information & Appointments
98	Wheeler Services is licensed in the Georgia, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee. Wheeler Services, Inc. is a commercial contractor specialized in building concrete structures such as foundations, slabs on grade, elevated decks, retaining walls, heavy duty paving, hardscaping, staircases, and storm water management structures.
99	(1841 - 1904) Contrary to legend, Antonín Dvořák (September 8, 1841 - May 1, 1904) was not born in poverty. His father was an innkeeper and butcher, as well as an amateur musician. The father not only put no obstacles in the way of his son's pursuit of a musical career, he and his wife positively encouraged the boy.
100	Antonín Dvorák (1841–1904) Antonin Dvorak was a son of butcher, but he did not follow his father's trade. While assisting his father part-time, he studied music, and graduated from the Prague Organ School in 1859.
101	Antonín Dvořák, in full Antonín Leopold Dvořák (born September 8, 1841, Nelahozeves, Bohemia, Austrian Empire [now in Czech Republic]—died May 1, 1904, Prague), first Bohemian composer to achieve worldwide recognition, noted for turning folk material into the language of 19th-century Romantic music.
102	Antonín Dvořák Biography (BBC) The Bohemia into which Dvorák was born on 8 September 1841, in a village near Prague, was one facing rapid change. Like many from a poor rural environment Dvorák followed a natural drift towards Prague. Dvorák’s musicality was evident early on and his family supported him all through his musical training.
103	Jump to: Overview (4) | Mini Bio (1) | Spouse (1) | Trivia (5) Antonin Dvorak was a son of butcher, but he did not follow his father's trade. While assisting his father part-time, he studied music, and graduated from the Prague Organ School in 1859.
104	(1841-1904). A 19th-century Bohemian composer, Antonin Dvorak was noted for adapting traditional folk music into opera, symphony, and piano pieces. The From the New World symphony, his best-known work, is thought to be based partly on the spirituals of African American slaves.
105	Dvorak Quick Facts: 1  Johannes Brahms once wrote a letter praising and exalting Dvorak’s music; they later became great friends. 2  After moving to America in 1892, Dvorak spent his summer vacation in the small town of Spillville, Iowa in 1893, because of it’s mainly Czech population.
106	The region is home to the village of Nelahozeves, where the composer’s grandparents lived from the year 1818. Antonin Dvorak (in full Antonin Leopold Dvorak) was born here on 8 September 1841 to Anna and Frantisek Dvorak, as the first of nine children. The family ran a business in house number 12, a cottage that had an inn on the ground floor.
107	Soundtrack | Composer | Music Department. Antonin Dvorak was a son of butcher, but he did not follow his father's trade. While assisting his father part-time, he studied music, and graduated from the Prague Organ School in 1859.
108	Mini Bio (1) Antonin Dvorak was a son of butcher, but he did not follow his father's trade. While assisting his father part-time, he studied music, and graduated from the Prague Organ School in 1859. He also was an accomplished violinist and violist, and joined the Bohemian Theatre Orchestra, which was under the baton of Bedrich Smetana in 1860s.
109	No Social Security COLA for senior citizens in 2016 seems certain as do Medicare hikes. Means problems for Medicare: Part B premiums cannot increase for most , so minority has to bear burden of rising costs - Oct. 8, 2015.
110	Typical expenses continue to outpace annual benefit hikes. Social Security benefits are likely to increase by 1.7% in 2015, slightly more than this year's 1.5% increase but still well below average increases over the past few decades, according to an unofficial projection by the Senior Citizens League.
111	Obviously, the fact that Social Security benefits didn't rise from a cost of living adjustment in 2016 was bad news for retirees who rely on their monthly checks for a big part of their overall income.
112	Oct. 15, 2015 – Here is what the Social Security Administration has to say about the cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) next year for senior citizens and others in the program: “With consumer prices down over the past year, monthly Social Security and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefits for nearly 65 million Americans will not automatically ...
113	Social Security recipients to get small increase. The average recipient of Social Security will receive a slight increase in benefits in 2017, according to projections released Wednesday. The trustees also projected that Medicare's Hospital Insurance trust fund will run out of money earlier than previously predicted.
114	The earnings limit for people turning 66 in 2016 will stay at $41,880. (We deduct $1 from benefits for each $3 earned over $41,880 until the month the worker turns age 66.) There is no limit on earnings for workers who are full retirement age or older for the entire year.
115	Oct 1, 2014 @ 1:02 pm. + Zoom. Social Security benefits are likely to increase by 1.7% in 2015, slightly more than this year's 1.5% increase but still well below average increases over the past few decades, according to an unofficial projection by the Senior Citizens League.
116	The small increase in Social Security next year — which equals an extra $2 for someone getting a $1,000 monthly check — would come after retirees got no increase in Social Security benefits in 2016 for the third time in four decades.The final COLA figure is typically not determined until the fall.
117	The estimated average monthly premium for Medicare Part B in 2017 is $149, up from 2016's rate of $121.80 and 2015's rate of $104.90. About 70% of Part B enrollees will be able to avoid the portion of the premium increase that exceeds their Social Security benefit increase, according to the health-insurance report.
118	Don't Expect a Big Social Security Increase in 2017, Either. Recipients got no benefit increase in 2016, and next year will be challenging as well. Oct 25, 2015 at 8:00AM.
119	If you’re looking for a condo for sale in this Montreal area, you’ll have your hands full with the culture, the food, and the laidback attitude of Villeray. Condos for Sale in NDG. Notre-Dame-de-Grâce, or NDG as the locals call it, is one of the more English-speaking neighbourhoods of Montreal.
120	DuProprio offers you the best exposure and the support of an entire team so you can sell your property and save thousands! *In British Columbia, Saskatchewan and Quebec, the services are provided to private sellers through a for-sale-by-owner model. In Alberta, Ontario and Manitoba, the services to homeowners are provided by ComFree Commonsense Network, a brokerage duly registered in each of those three provinces under the applicable real estate legislations.
121	Condo Old Montreal - Compare all new condominiums for sale in Old Montreal, Island of Montreal. Vieux-Montral, Montral, QC, Canada.
122	Vida LaSalle is a project of 100 townhouses and 200 condos in LaSalle. The first phase of condos has 42 studio, one and two bedroom (... ) The Adamus project proposes its first phase of 24 new condos for sale in Beaconsfield. The units, spread across a 4-storey (...
123	With a number of condo developments springing up in the city, it can be difficult to narrow down your choices for the perfect Montreal condo for sale. Our skilled agents organize your steps towards meeting your goals with our condo projects located in popular and trendy neighbourhoods.
124	In the heart of Old Montreal, intimate project of 42 contemporary condos with a customized design for each unit, inspired by the (... ) In Ville-Marie, the Montcalm project by Samcon consists of 109 condominiums ranging from 490 to 1,025 sq.ft, each granted (...
125	District Griffin is one of the first of the super condo buidings to be finished in the Griffintown area. Aptly named for is location at the bottom of Peel street, District Griffin has some 350 condo units, many of which are now for sale and for rent. The growning amenities in the area make it an interesting investment.
126	If you’re looking for a condo for sale in this Montreal area, you’ll have your hands full with the culture, the food, and the laidback attitude of Villeray. Notre-Dame-de-Grâce, or NDG as the locals call it, is one of the more English-speaking neighbourhoods of Montreal.
127	Real Estate, Condos, Lofts, Homes, Apartments, for sale, for rent, to buy, Selling, Buying Renting, New Construction, New Build, Resale, New Condos, Resale Condos in Downtown Montreal, RE/MAX Action, Downtown Realty Team, Alex Kay, Charles La Haye, Michael Martin, #downtownrealtyteam, #downtown4sale, Real Estate Brokers Specialising in Downtown ...
128	Le Bossuet is an 8 condo construction project for sale in Hochelagua-Maisonneuve neighbourhood (HoMa). Each unit is granted (... ) The 3430 Masson is a condo construction project for sale in Rosemont neighborhood, in Montreal. This three storey building (... ) Constructions Diego presents Rosemont Condominiums, a condo project for sale featuring 7 units of 2 or 3 bedrooms, with living areas (...
129	Swinging Flashlight Test: Swing a light back and forth in front of the two pupils and compare the reaction to stimulation in both eyes. When light reaches a pupil there should be a normal direct and consensual response.
130	Pupillary reflex. In medicine, there are two pupillary reflexes 1  -. The pupillary light reflex is the reduction of pupil size in response to light. 2  The pupillary accommodation reflex is the reduction of pupil size in response to an object coming close to the eye.
131	1 The pupillary light reflex is the reduction of pupil size in response to light. 2  The pupillary accommodation reflex is the reduction of pupil size in response to an object coming close to the eye.
132	normal pupillary reflex response. Pupils equal and responsive , is a common phrase used in various emergency or hospital television series. The pupil should respond by getting smaller caused by the contraction of the constrictor muscles in the iris.
133	An RAPD is a defect in the direct response. It is due to damage in optic nerve or severe retinal disease. It is important to be able to differentiate whether a patient is complaining of decreased vision from an ocular problem such as cataract or from a defect of the optic nerve.
134	abnormal pupillary reflex means. If this doesn't happen, it could mean that either the retina or optic nerve is damaged, or the visceromotor output pathway from the oculomotor nerve is not working. This type of response indicates ipsilateral issues.
135	The physiology behind a normal pupillary constriction is a balance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems. Parasympathetic innervation leads to pupillary constriction. A circular muscle called the sphincter pupillae accomplishes this task. The fibers of the sphincter pupillae encompass the pupil.
136	1. These are the pupillary reflexes mediated through the parasympathetic division of the autonomic nervous system; 2. the ciliospinal reflex which tests pupillary responses mediated through the sympathetic division of the autonomic nervous system, and 3. the salivary reflex which is also parasympathetic.
137	1 Swing a light back and forth in front of the two pupils and compare the reaction to stimulation in both eyes. 2  When light reaches a pupil there should be a normal direct and consensual response.
138	1 When performing a pupillary exam, it sometimes helps to illuminate pupils indirectly from the side, so you can actually see what is happening. 2  Observe the pupil size and shape at rest, looking for anisocoria (one pupil larger than the other). 3  Observe the direct response (constriction of the illuminated pupil).
139	There is no Census data for the city of KESWICK, VA. We have pulled information for the ZIP Code 22947 instead.
140	Charlottesville, VA: CBSA Type: Metro: CBSA Division: CBSA Division Name: CBSA Population: 201,559: CBSA Division Population: 0: MSA: 1540: MSA Name: Charlottesville, VA MSA: PMSA: PMSA Name: City State Key: X26934: Preferred Last Line Key: X26934
141	If the ratio of the TDP to Total Population is greater than 1, the location gains population during the day when commuting workers are present. If the ratio is less than 1, the location is more of a bedroom community where people commute to another place for work. Population Density = Total Population per square mile.
142	Zip Code 22947 - Keswick VA Virginia, USA - Albemarle County Home | Products | Learn About ZIP Codes | Find a Post Office | Search | Contact | FAQs keswick, va 22947
143	* Demographic data is based on information taken from the 2000 Census. City of Keswick, VA covers 2 Area Codes. City of Keswick, VA covers 1 Zip Code. 11 Cities within 15 Miles of the City of Keswick, VA.
144	The per capita income in Keswick in 2010 was $52,086, which is wealthy relative to Virginia and the nation. This equates to an annual income of $208,344 for a family of four. However, Keswick contains both very wealthy and poor people as well.
145	Keswick, VA » Community Life » Keswick VA Census Records - Community Information for Keswick Keswick, Virginia Census Data & Community Profile Welcome to the heart of Keswick city data where you can quickly find the key Keswick detailed data and census information you need. Whether you want to know about Keswick's history, census information, data or when the library is open, these key links make it easy to get around Keswick – virtually.
146	Keswick: State: VA [Virginia] Counties: ALBEMARLE, VA FLUVANNA, VA LOUISA, VA: Multi County: Yes: City Alias(es): Keswick Shadwell Cobham Boyd Tavern Campbell Cismont: Area Code: 434: City Type: P [Post Office] Classification: [Non-Unique] Time Zone: Eastern (GMT -05:00) Observes Day Light Savings: Yes: Latitude: 38.053411: Longitude:-78.318596: Elevation: 0 ft: State FIPS: 51: County FIPS:
147	In a small town with a Keswick VA population of less than ten thousand, it is hard to keep anything quiet from the public. For some reason, every little thing that happens in the public is usually passed around through the rumor mill. In towns with a Keswick Virginia population of less than ten thousand people, the pace is a lot slower.
148	Keswick Iowa Population 2017 2018, Keswick Iowa Population 2018, Keswick Iowa Population 2017, Keswick Iowa Demographics 2017 2018, Keswick Iowa Statistics 2017 2018 Suburban Stats Current Keswick, Iowa Population, Demographics and stats in 2017, 2018.
149	Oral Phase. The first phase of swallowing is the oral phase which involves the tongue, mandible, lips, cheeks and palate all working together to ensure the food is adequately prepared for the future stages. In this phase, food is mixed with saliva and chewed with the aid of the muscles of mastication.
150	Swallowing is a complex act that involves the coordinated activity of the mouth, pharynx, larynx and esophagus (Figure 1). A swallow has four phases: oral preparatory, oral propulsive, pharyngeal and esophageal.3.
151	Stages of the Swallow. (Logemann, 1983, 1989,1997; Cherney, 1994) The oral preparatory phase. This part of the swallow is voluntary. It is a mechanical phase that can be by-passed by dropping liquid or food into the back of the throat. In this stage, the food is chewed into smaller pieces and tasted.
152	-purpose: to move food from the front of the oral cavity to the anterior faucial arches, where the reflexive swallow is initiated. -Less than one second in duration. -Bolus passes posteriorly in the oral cavity to the faucial pillars. -CNs V, VII, IX, X, XI and XII.
153	Article Sections. Swallowing disorders are common, especially in the elderly, and may cause dehydration, weight loss, aspiration pneumonia and airway obstruction. These disorders may affect the oral preparatory, oral propulsive, pharyngeal and/or esophageal phases of swallowing.
154	Dysphagia, or difficulty in swallowing, is not a disease in itself but a condition that can be brought on by many different causes because swallowing is a delicate process, easily disturbed. Some causes are minor and quickly treatable; others are serious, even life-threatening.
155	The coupling of the findings of diminished tongue sensory and motor function with increasing age might contribute to the increased prevalence of dysphagia, aspiration and pneumonia seen in the elderly (12, 13). In healthy individuals, the oral phase of swallowing is generally completed in approximately 1 second (14).
156	The process of swallowing is known as deglutition. The act of swallowing can be divided into three stages for easy understanding. 1. Oral stage: This is the only voluntary stage in the act of swallowing. It consists of: Mastication of food making it into a bolus fit to be swallowed. The main muscles involved in the act of chewing are: a. Masseter.
157	(5) neuromuscular components of swallowing. 1)Lip closure to hold the bolus in the mouth anteriorly (keeps food from spilling) 2)Tension in the labial and buccal musculature to close the anterior and lateral sulci. 3)Rotary jaw (circular) motion for mastication/grinding.
158	By Dr. Jonathan Aviv. The purpose of swallowing is to safely transport food from the mouth to the stomach. A myriad of diseases and conditions affect this basic purpose. Therefore, understanding the normal swallow is one of the keys to beginning to develop a therapeutic plan for the patient with impaired deglutition.
159	Sorrento, LA Profile: Facts, Map & Data. Sorrento, Louisiana - Basic Facts. The Town of Sorrento had a population of 1,589 as of July 1, 2016. The primary coordinate point for Sorrento is located at latitude 30.1836 and longitude -90.8666 in Ascension Parish. The formal boundaries for the Town of Sorrento (see map below) encompass a land area of 3.64 sq. miles and a water area of 0.04 sq. miles.
160	Edenborn, in 1909, named the town Sorrento after Sorrento, Italy where it is claimed he took his young bride for their honeymoon. The first postmaster of the town of Sorrento was Willie Everrett, followed by Joe Gravois in 1915 and Sidney Chauvin in 1925.
161	The Board of Trustees. Ascension Parish Tourism Commission. Sorrento, Louisiana. We have compiled the accompanying statement of financial position of Ascension Parish Tourism Commission. as of December 31,2010, and the related statement of activities for the year then ended.
162	Sorrento, Louisiana is located in Ascension Parish. Zip codes in Sorrento, LA include 70778. The median home price in Sorrento is $15 which is roughly $15/per square foot. More Sorrento information.
163	Activities in Sorrento Louisiana. Sorrento. Sorrento, a small town in Ascension Parish, was first known as Conway before being renamed in 1909. The town received its name from William Edenborn, a German immigrant who built the railroad through the region. He named the town Sorrento after the city in Italy where he took his bride for their honeymoon.
164	Sorrento was incorporated as a village in 1956, and on August 20, 1962 was reclassified as a town. Sorrento’s population today is 1,460. It is home to River Parish Community College and a growing number of other commercial developments along Highway 22 near Interstate 10.
165	Meg Farris talks about rising rivers in Sorrento. SORRENTO, La. – Ascension Parish residents began bracing for the worst as water began creeping over major roadways Monday night. Parts of Airline Highway were underwater as a result of rain and heavy flooding throughout the southeast Louisiana. Officials said they believe both sides of Airline Highway will be impassable Tuesday morning.
166	Sorrento, Louisiana. Sorrento is a town in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,227 at the 2000 census. By the 2010 census it had grown 14.2%, to 1,401 inhabitants. It is part of the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Statistical Area.
167	According to our research of Louisiana and other state lists there were 7 registered sex offenders living in Sorrento, Louisiana as of April 07, 2017. The ratio of number of residents in Sorrento to the number of sex offenders is 212 to 1. Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units in 2000:
168	Latest news from Sorrento, LA collected exclusively by city-data.com from local newspapers, TV, and radio stations. Ancestries: French (26.1%), Italian (8.3%), French Canadian (7.8%), American (6.2%), German (4.5%), Cajun (2.7%).
169	The scale of public works in the Mississippian culture can be estimated from the largest of the earthworks, Monks Mound, in the Cahokia Mounds near Collinsville, Illinois, which is approximately 1,000 feet (300 metres) long, 700 feet (200 m) wide, and 100 feet (30 metres) high.
170	Mississippian Period. 1  A specific complex adaptation to linear, environmentally circumscribed floodplain habitat zones. 2  Pottery tempered with crushed mussel shell - an important innovation since it allowed potters to enhance the qualities of their clays and thus build more durable and larger vessels in a wider range of forms.
171	How Were Mounds Made? Imagine groups of workers toiling from dawn to dusk, gathering baskets of dirt. They carry their burdens to a clearing, dump the soil, and tamp it down with their feet.
172	“Indian mound” is the common name for a variety of solid structures erected by some of the indigenous peoples of the United States. Most Native American tribes did not build mounds. The majority were constructed in the Lower Southeast, Ohio River Valley, Tennessee River Valley and the Mississippi River Valley. Some types of shell mounds can be found along the entire length of the United States’ Atlantic Coast.
173	Mississippian people in eastern Arkansas were using mounds when Spanish explorers arrived in 1541, and the Caddo in the Red River valley were still using mounds during the winter of 1691–92, when explorers from Mexico visited them.
174	Mound Builders, in North American archaeology, name given to those people who built mounds in a large area from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico and from the Mississippi River to the Appalachian Mts. The greatest concentrations of mounds are found in the Mississippi and Ohio valleys.
175	MOUND BUILDERS. Mound Builders were prehistoric American Indians, named for their practice of burying their dead in large mounds. Beginning about three thousand years ago, they built extensive earthworks from the Great Lakes down through the Mississippi River Valley and into the Gulf of Mexico region.
176	They spent hundreds of years building huge, steep platforms made of hard packed dirt - mounds. Many of the mounds were built in geometric patterns. Some were very long and wide - 1,000 feet long and over 700 feet wide. If you think of it as a football field - these huge mounds would cover over 3 football fields long and over 2 football fields wide!
177	Note: The Kolomoki Site in southern Georgia appears to be a transitional site from Woodland Indians to Moundbuilders and is not included in the list. The most intact Mississippian Cultural site in the East is the Etowah Indian Mounds State Historic Site. The site was recognized as a De Soto Trail Site by the U.S. Department of the Interior in 1989 and is an anchor site on northwest Georgia's Chieftains Trail and is located in Bartow County, Georgia.
178	When European first arrived in North America, the peoples of the Mississippian culture were still using and building platform mounds. Documented uses for Mississippian platform mounds include semi-public chief's house platforms, public temple platforms, mortuary platforms, charnel house platforms, earth lodge/town house platforms, residence platforms, square ground and rotunda platforms, and dance platforms.
179	In contrast, if you are broadly happy and satisfied, you are more likely to engage with video games in a balanced, healthy way and your video game playing is likely to lead to feelings of enjoyment and increased energy.ctober 09, 2013, 11:01AM. * 1  Gamey McGamer, I too love violent video games for similar reasons to yourself. 2  I love killing characters (the bloodier the better) in the make believe world of video gaming but have zero interest in firing any sort of weapon in real life or in causing any sort of pain to real people.
180	In contrast, if you are broadly happy and satisfied, you are more likely to engage with video games in a balanced, healthy way and your video game playing is likely to lead to feelings of enjoyment and increased energy.n a randomised controlled trial with a clinically depressed sample of adults, the positive influences of video games have been shown to include a reduction in tension, anger, depression and fatigue and increase in vigour.
181	Importantly, there are also clear opportunities to use video games as a way to empower young people to manage their mental health and wellbeing, and potentially circumvent psychological distress. An important thing is that players (and their parents) engage thoughtfully with what they are playing.ctober 09, 2013, 11:01AM. * 1  Gamey McGamer, I too love violent video games for similar reasons to yourself. 2  I love killing characters (the bloodier the better) in the make believe world of video gaming but have zero interest in firing any sort of weapon in real life or in causing any sort of pain to real people.
182	Importantly, there are also clear opportunities to use video games as a way to empower young people to manage their mental health and wellbeing, and potentially circumvent psychological distress. An important thing is that players (and their parents) engage thoughtfully with what they are playing.n a randomised controlled trial with a clinically depressed sample of adults, the positive influences of video games have been shown to include a reduction in tension, anger, depression and fatigue and increase in vigour.
183	Play is not trivial; it's a basic biological drive as critical to our health as sleep or food. That's the word from Stuart Brown, author of the new book Play: How It Shapes the Brain, Opens the Imagination, and Invigorates the Soul (Avery, $24.95).Here are 10 ways that play makes life better:hen we play, dilemmas and challenges naturally filter through the unconscious mind and work themselves out. Even a few hours spent doing something you love can make you new again. Playing at work is not just useful; it's essential. When the going gets tough, the tough go play.
184	+ More. Play is not trivial; it's a basic biological drive as critical to our health as sleep or food. That's the word from Stuart Brown, author of the new book Play: How It Shapes the Brain, Opens the Imagination, and Invigorates the Soul (Avery, $24.95). Here are 10 ways that play makes life better:hen we play, dilemmas and challenges naturally filter through the unconscious mind and work themselves out. Even a few hours spent doing something you love can make you new again. Playing at work is not just useful; it's essential. When the going gets tough, the tough go play.
185	Making someone happy just for the sake of it can be one of the most rewarding feelings in this world. Brightening up a person’s day, whether the person is your best friend or your waiter, can bring you good karma and will make your day brighter in turn.aking someone happy just for the sake of it can be one of the most rewarding feelings in this world. Brightening up a person’s day, whether the person is your best friend or your waiter, can bring you good karma and will make your day brighter in turn.
186	1 * Gamey McGamer, I too love violent video games for similar reasons to yourself. 2  I love killing characters (the bloodier the better) in the make believe world of video gaming but have zero interest in firing any sort of weapon in real life or in causing any sort of pain to real people.ctober 09, 2013, 11:01AM. * 1  Gamey McGamer, I too love violent video games for similar reasons to yourself. 2  I love killing characters (the bloodier the better) in the make believe world of video gaming but have zero interest in firing any sort of weapon in real life or in causing any sort of pain to real people.
187	Researchers at the University of Rochester, New York, have shown that whether people engage with video games in a healthy way is a consequence of whether certain basic needs (feelings of competence, autonomy and relatedness) are being met in their lives.n a randomised controlled trial with a clinically depressed sample of adults, the positive influences of video games have been shown to include a reduction in tension, anger, depression and fatigue and increase in vigour.
188	Often they are people who won't try something new themselves or like to make themselves feel better by making others feel worse. Ignore put-downs from other people! Don't use put-downs yourself! Just have a go and feel happy when you manage to do something or get better at something that you have been practising.ne thing is for sure and that is that money cannot make a person happy, nor can having all the things that anyone could want. Happiness is more about feelings and interactions with other people than having things.
189	In a report on the new suggestions, the group lists 10 elements it says should appear in every award letter, including a breakdown of the cost of attendance and the college’s net cost after grant aid is subtracted….
190	Student loans. If you’re considering student loans to help you pay for school, you’re not alone – many students need loans to cover their full cost of attendance. If you have to take out student loans, comparing your options can help you find the student loan best suited for your needs. More about student loans.
191	School Characteristics. ACADEMICS School 1 School 2 School 3. Class location (on or off campus, online) Class scheduling (when classes are held) Faculty experience and expertise. Programs of study (majors and minors) Student-to-faculty ratio (class size) ADMISSIONS School 1 School 2 School 3. Admissions or placement tests.
192	Students will receive Financial Aid Award Letters - also referred to as Offers or Packages - from the colleges. These letters will outline the aid that each college can offer and may include any or all of the financial aid programs listed here.
193	Other names for this document: Cost of Education Worksheet, College Costs Worksheet, Cost of College Worksheet. Use the Education Cost Worksheet document if: You want to calculate how much to save per year for a college fund. You'd like to compare investments and tax incentives for a college education for your children.
194	Make your Free. Education Cost Worksheet. Education Cost Worksheet Basics. A college education is a worthwhile investment in your child's future, and you can plan for it with the Education Cost Worksheet. With this document you can determine how much you need to save before your kids head off to earn their degrees.
195	COLLEGE BUDGET WORKSHEET. You may not be able to ﬁll out all these numbers right away and. may need to change some of them as you learn more about costs. and ﬁnancial aid awards at particular colleges. You can use some. of the average costs we have indicated or speciﬁc prices and bud-.
196	The Expected Family Contribution (EFC) is derived from information reported on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). It is a family's expected ability over an academic year to absorb some of the educational costs. The financial aid office will use it to distribute need-based financial aid funds.
197	Cost Worksheet. The Gettysburg College Board of Trustees approved the following costs for the 2017-18 academic year. Below is a worksheet to assist you in calculating your estimated costs. The regular room and USA meal plan are required for all first-year students.
198	College Comparison. Worksheet! ! When researching which college to attend, there are many factors to consider – majors offered, distance from. home, cost of attendance, campus size, admissions requirements, and campus activities. These factors can play. an important role in deciding which college is the best choice for you.
199	1 Arctic tundra-The Arctic tundra is located far north in the northern hemisphere along the Arctic Circle. 2  There are large areas of tundra in northern North America, northern Europe, and northern Asia.3  The word tundra comes from a Finnish word tunturi, which means treeless plain or barren land. There are large areas of tundra in northern North America, northern Europe, and northern Asia. 2  The word tundra comes from a Finnish word tunturi, which means treeless plain or barren land. 3  The tundra is a very fragile biome that is shrinking as the permafrost melts.
200	Some locations of arctic and alpine tundra include: 1  Arctic Tundra. 2  North America-Northern Alaska, Canada, Greenland. 3  Northern Europe-Scandinavia. 4  Northern Asia-Siberia. 5  Alpine Tundra. 6  North America-Alaska, Canada, U.S.A., and Mexico. 7  Northern Europe-Finland, Norway, Russia, and Sweden.he tundra biome is characterized by extremely cold temperatures and treeless, frozen landscapes. There are two types of tundra, the arctic tundra and the alpine tundra.
201	Location. The Tundra is located in the northern regions of North America, Europe, Asia, as well as a few regions of Antarctica.The Tundra is the second largest vegetation zone in Canada. It can be divided clearly into three different sections: the High Arctic Tundra, the Low Arctic Tundra and the Alpine Tundra.ocation. The Tundra is located in the northern regions of North America, Europe, Asia, as well as a few regions of Antarctica. The Tundra is the second largest vegetation zone in Canada.
202	1 There are large areas of tundra in northern North America, northern Europe, and northern Asia. 2  The word tundra comes from a Finnish word tunturi, which means treeless plain or barren land. 3  The tundra is a very fragile biome that is shrinking as the permafrost melts. There are large areas of tundra in northern North America, northern Europe, and northern Asia. 2  The word tundra comes from a Finnish word tunturi, which means treeless plain or barren land. 3  The tundra is a very fragile biome that is shrinking as the permafrost melts.
203	Siberia. Siberia is located in the northern-central part of Asia, largely in Russia. This vast region constituting almost all of northern Asia is an Arctic Tundra. Its proximity to the Arctic Ocean explains its presence in the tundra zone.Its natural landscape is sparsely populated amidst its vast plains.iberia. Siberia is located in the northern-central part of Asia, largely in Russia. This vast region constituting almost all of northern Asia is an Arctic Tundra. Its proximity to the Arctic Ocean explains its presence in the tundra zone. Its natural landscape is sparsely populated amidst its vast plains.
204	Arctic Tundra. The Arctic tundra is a cold, vast, treeless area of low, swampy plains in the far north around the Arctic Ocean. It includes the northern lands of Europe (Lapland and Scandinavia), Asia (Siberia), and North America (Alaska and Canada), as well as most of Greenland.rctic Tundra. The Arctic tundra is a cold, vast, treeless area of low, swampy plains in the far north around the Arctic Ocean. It includes the northern lands of Europe (Lapland and Scandinavia), Asia (Siberia), and North America (Alaska and Canada), as well as most of Greenland.
205	The tundra biome is characterized by extremely cold temperatures and treeless, frozen landscapes. There are two types of tundra, the arctic tundra and the alpine tundra.The arctic tundra is located between the north pole and the coniferous forests or taiga region. It is characterized by extremely cold temperatures and land that remains frozen year-round.he tundra biome is characterized by extremely cold temperatures and treeless, frozen landscapes. There are two types of tundra, the arctic tundra and the alpine tundra.
206	Most of the tundra on Earth is found in the Arctic. However, tundra is also found in the Andes mountain range of South America and the Himalayas of central Asia. These regions are far from the Arctic Circle, so how is this possible.Please help!!owever, tundra is also found in the Andes mountain range of South America and the Himalayas of central Asia. These regions are far from the Arctic Circle, so how is this possible. Please help!!
207	Plants Animals Climate The tundra is located at the top of the northern hemisphere in Europe, Asia and North America. It covers 20% of the earth's surface just below the polar cap.The Siberian Tundra is located in the northeastern part of Russia between 60° to 80° North latitude, and 70° to 180° East longitude.he tundra is located at the top of the northern hemisphere in Europe, Asia and North America. It covers 20% of the earth's surface just below the polar cap.
208	There are three types of tundra: arctic tundra, alpine tundra, and Antarctic tundra. In tundra, the vegetation is composed of dwarf shrubs, sedges and grasses, mosses, and lichens.Scattered trees grow in some tundra regions.here are three types of tundra: arctic tundra, alpine tundra, and Antarctic tundra. In tundra, the vegetation is composed of dwarf shrubs, sedges and grasses, mosses, and lichens.
209	One of the biggest perks of an Amazon Prime membership is free two-day shipping and, for some zip codes in major cities, free same-day delivery on eligible items with no minimum order size. Additionally, one-day shipping can cost as little as $2.99 per item, and Saturday shipping as low as $7.99 per item.
210	1 Amazon has a program called Amazon Mom, which provides free two-day shipping Amazon Prime benefits to parents and caregivers (i.e. you don’t have to be “mom”). You’ll also receive 30% off diapers and wipes and personalized email discounts and offers in exchange for the information you provide.  Share an Account.
211	Amazon's Second Annual Prime Day on July 12 will offer exclusive deals for new and existing Amazon Prime members. Caroline Nolan. Jun 30, 2016 11:54 AM EDT. Last year, Amazon (AMZN) celebrated its 20th anniversary with a one-day online shopping event with a number of deals that rivaled Black Friday.
212	Without Amazon Prime membership, you will be paying $12 on average for two-day shipping on each purchase. If you typically buy one item each month from Amazon using two-day shipping, you would be spending at least $114 a year, making an Amazon Prime membership worth the cost.
213	On Tuesday, July 12, Amazon will be hosting its second annual Prime Day with over 100,000 deals worldwide. New and existing Amazon Prime members will have the ability to shop the site for exclusive deals starting at midnight, with new deals becoming available as often as every ten minutes.
214	Prime membership gives you free two-day shipping, free same-day delivery for some items over $35 in 14 cities (you usually have to order these items by noon), as well as one-day shipping starting at $2.99.
215	Customers who subscribe to the Prime service get two-day shipping for free, and overnight shipping for a mere $3.99 per order. As an added bonus, Amazon recently announced that they will also include free media streaming of movies and television shows to all paid Amazon subscribers.
216	Amazon's Second Annual Prime Day on July 12 will offer exclusive deals for new and existing Amazon Prime members. Is the service worth the annual fee? Last year, Amazon (AMZN) celebrated its 20th anniversary with a one-day online shopping event with a number of deals that rivaled Black Friday.
217	On Friday, Amazon.com Inc. will offer a one-year Prime membership at a one-third discount. Should you go for it? To celebrate its Emmy-winning show “Transparent,” Amazon AMZN, -0.18% will offer a one-year Prime membership — regularly priced at $99 — for $67 on Friday. This one-day deal is available to new members, who can sign up by going to Amazon.com/TransparentPrime.
218	Plus, don’t overpay for the benefits Prime. If you’re a student, you can get free two-day shipping for free for six months when you sign up for Amazon Student, and then upgrade to Prime for half off after that. More from MarketWatch. China Fights Hackers With Quantum Physics.
219	Physical properties can be used to identify and describe. substances. Physical properties of matter include odor, color, density, solubility, boiling point. and melting point, and its physical state at room temperature. A colorless, odorless liquid that. freezes at 0°C and boils at 100°C is probably water, for example. Every substance also has. chemical properties.
220	A photon is massless, has no electric charge, and is a stable particle. A photon has two possible polarization states. In the momentum representation of the photon, which is preferred in quantum field theory, a photon is described by its wave vector, which determines its wavelength λ and its direction of propagation.
221	THE FOUR TYPES OF EVIDENCE. There are four traditional types of evidence: real, demonstrative, documentary, and testimonial. Some rules of evidence apply to all four types and some apply only to some or one of them. First, we will cover general rules of admissibility that apply to all evidence. Then, we will cover foundational rules that relate to specific kinds of evidence. Finally, we will cover some special topics, like the form of examination, the hearsay rule, and the lay opinion rule, that frequently cause problems in the courtroom.
222	For example, the pressure of electromagnetic radiation on an object derives from the transfer of photon momentum per unit time and unit area to that object, since pressure is force per unit area and force is the change in momentum per unit time.
223	The evolution of a gas, a color change, the formation of a precipitate, and the. evolution of heat are frequently telltale signs that a chemical reaction has occurred. You will examine some substances and describe their physical properties in this lab. You. will cause changes in some of these substances. You will decide whether the changes are. physical or chemical using test and making observations. You also will demonstrate that mass is. conserved in physical and chemical changes.
224	A photon is an elementary particle, the quantum of all forms of electromagnetic radiation including light. It is the force carrier for electromagnetic force, even when static via virtual photons.
225	) There is a sequence of steps to initiate upon arriving at an incident or crime scene to __.
226	The energy of a system that emits a photon is decreased by the energy E {\displaystyle E} of the photon as measured in the rest frame of the emitting system, which may result in a reduction in mass in the amount E / c 2 {\displaystyle {E}/{c^{2}}} .
227	Our task would be impossible but for two important facts. First, all of you have studied the law of evidence before, either in a course on evidence or in preparation for the bar exam. Accordingly, most of the rules presented will already be familiar to you.
228	In physics, a photon is usually denoted by the symbol γ (the Greek letter gamma). This symbol for the photon probably derives from gamma rays, which were discovered in 1900 by Paul Villard, named by Ernest Rutherford in 1903, and shown to be a form of electromagnetic radiation in 1914 by Rutherford and Edward Andrade.
229	The most common way of taking Hawaiian Baby Woodrose seeds for hallucinogenic effects is by either chewing the seeds or grinding them and steeping with hot water. User experiences vary from life altering mystical journeys to a slow motion train wreck. A positive user experience, from Erowid (2),
230	Tramadol (Ultram) can affect a chemical in the brain called serotonin. Hawaiian baby woodrose can also affect serotonin. Taking Hawaiian baby woodrose along with tramadol (Ultram) might cause too much serotonin in the brain and side effects including confusion, shivering, stiff muscles, and other side effects.
231	Hawaiian baby woodrose increases a chemical in the brain called serotonin. Meperidine (Demerol) can also increase serotonin in the brain. Taking Hawaiian baby woodrose along with meperidine (Demerol) might cause too much serotonin in the brain and serious side effects including heart problems, shivering, and anxiety.
232	Donate $125 to Erowid & get an art glass molecule. Hawaiian Baby Woodrose is a perennial climbing vine with large heart-shaped leaves and white trumpet-shaped flowers. Its large furry seeds grow in seed pods and contain the psychedelic LSA.
233	Hawaiian baby woodrose is an ornamental plant that is related to the morning glory plant. It grows in Florida, California, and Hawaii. The seeds are used to make medicine. Despite serious safety concerns, Hawaiian baby woodrose is used for pain relief and causing sweating.
234	Some H.B.Woodrose seeds may not even be hallucinogenic or contain enough LSA to have an effect. —Preceding unsigned comment added by 88.18.198.51 (talk) 22:31, 31 August 2007 (UTC) There is next to no referencing of anything on this page, regardless of the accuracy of the material.
235	[Untitled] The main body of the plant also contains small amounts of strychnine[citation needed], a potent toxin, but its presence is negligible in the seeds.. I've done an exaustive search on this plant for 15 years, and have over 100 journal articles on morning glory species alone.
236	Taking Hawaiian baby woodrose with these medications used for depression might cause there to be too much serotonin. This could cause serious side effects including heart problems, shivering, and anxiety. Some of these medications used for depression include phenelzine (Nardil), tranylcypromine (Parnate), and others.
237	HAWAIIAN BABY WOODROSE Side Effects & Safety. Hawaiian baby woodrose is UNSAFE. It can cause side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness, hallucinations, blurred vision, dilated pupils, rapid movement of eyeballs, sweating, fast heart rate, and increased blood pressure.
238	The alkaloid ergine, also known as d-lysergic acid amide (LSA), is present in Hawaiian Baby Woodrose seeds, along with many other alkaloids. Total alkaloid content in the seeds is about 1%, with ergine and its isomer constituting about 50% of that (1).
239	John Maynard Keynes, 1st Baron Keynes, CB (5 June 1883 – 21 April 1946) was a British economist. His ideas, called Keynesian economics, had a big impact on modern economic and political theory. His ideas also had a big impact on many governments' tax and economic policies.
240	Keynes argued that governments should solve problems in the short run rather than wait for market forces to fix things over the long run, because, as he wrote, “In the long run, we are all dead.” This does not mean that Keynesians advocate adjusting policies every few months to keep the economy at full employment.
241	Keynesian economists are rectifying that omission by integrating the real and financial sectors of the economy.■. Sarwat Jahan is an Economist and Chris Papageorgiou is a Deputy Division Chief in the IMF’s Strategy, Policy, and Review Department.
242	Keynes argued that inadequate overall demand could lead to prolonged periods of high unemployment. An economy’s output of goods and services is the sum of four components: consumption, investment, government purchases, and net exports (the difference between what a country sells to and buys from foreign countries).
243	John Maynard Keynes, 1st Baron Keynes, CB, FBA (/ˈkeɪnz/ KAYNZ; 5 June 1883 – 21 April 1946), was a British economist whose ideas fundamentally changed the theory and practice of modern macroeconomics and the economic policies of governments.
244	British economist John Maynard Keynes spearheaded a revolution in economic thinking that overturned the then-prevailing idea that free markets would automatically provide full employment—that is, that everyone who wanted a job would have one as long as workers were flexible in their wage demands (see box).
245	John Maynard Keynes was born at 7 Melville Road, Cambridge, England. His father was John Neville Keynes, an economics lecturer at Cambridge University. His mother was Florence Ada Brown, a successful author and a social reformer. His younger brother, Geoffrey Keynes (1887–1982) was a surgeon and bibliophile (book lover).
246	Subsequently, the term “Keynesian economics” was used to refer to the concept that optimal economic performance could be achieved – and economic slumps prevented – by influencing aggregate demand through activist stabilization and economic intervention policies by the government.
247	Keynesian economics gets its name, theories, and principles from British economist John Maynard Keynes (1883–1946), who is regarded as the founder of modern macroeconomics. His most famous work, The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money, was published in 1936.
248	DEFINITION of 'Keynesian Economics'. An economic theory of total spending in the economy and its effects on output and inflation. Keynesian economics was developed by the British economist John Maynard Keynes during the 1930s in an attempt to understand the Great Depression. Keynes advocated increased government expenditures and lower taxes to stimulate demand and pull the global economy out of the Depression.
249	2011 – The first of its kind in North America, EdgeWalk is the world’s highest full circle hands-free walk on a 5 ft (1.5 m) wide ledge encircling the top of the CN Tower’s main pod, 356m, (1168 ft, 116 stories) above the ground.
250	With its microwave receptors at 338 m (1,109 ft.) and at the 553.33m (1,815 ft., 5 inches) antenna, the CN Tower swiftly solved the communications problems with room to spare and as a result, people living in the Toronto area now enjoy some of the clearest reception in North America.
251	I've been to the CN Tower in Toronto quite a few times, but never like this! They hold the Guinness World Record for highest edge walk on a building (356m or 1,167.97 ft) this is an adventure you ...
252	The CN Tower-A history of firsts / La Tour CN-Les grandes premieres-Premières: duration 111. seconds
253	EdgeWalk at the CN Tower Hosts Wedding of a Lifetime / Épouser épouser Sur'L-HAUT DA-Cieux: duration 106. seconds
254	Construction began on Feb. 6, 1973, and after 40 months, the tower was opened to the public on June 26, 1976. The CBC's Bill Harrington reports. »»» Subscribe to CBC News to watch more videos: h...
255	Each year, over 1.5 million people visit Canada’s National Tower to take in the breathtaking views and enjoy all the CN Tower has to offer. After 40 months of construction, the CN Tower was opened to the public on June 26, 1976 and it was well on its way to becoming the country’s most celebrated landmark.
256	Defining the Toronto skyline at 553.33m (1,815ft5in), the CN Tower is Canada’s most recognizable and celebrated icon. The CN Tower is an internationally renowned architectural triumph, an engineering Wonder of the Modern World, world-class entertainment and dining destination and a must see for anyone visiting Toronto.
257	You would be hard pushed to name a building that has defined Toronto more than the CN Tower. Love it or loathe it, the massive concrete structure has dominated the city's skyline and provided a visual reference point for outsiders for almost a generation. The tower itself is something of an oddity.
258	The CN Tower-A history of firsts / La Tour CN-Les grandes premieres. 33,095 33095 views 2 years. Ago read. More'canada s most recognizable and celebrated, icon.553 33m Above / Toronto grand symbole canadien bien, connu point de repere repère dans le Ciel de toronto,a. à 553 33m
259	Lakewood Village, Texas Population: Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts. Compare population statistics about Lakewood Village, TX by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc. CensusViewer delivers detailed demographics and population statistics from the 2010 Census, 2000 Census, American Community Survey (ACS), registered voter files, commercial data sources and more.
260	Lakewood Village, Texas Population: Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts Compare population statistics about Lakewood Village, TX by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc. CensusViewer delivers detailed demographics and population statistics from the 2010 Census, 2000 Census, American Community Survey (ACS), registered voter files, commercial data sources and more.
261	Compare population statistics about Lakewood Village, TX from the 2010 and 2000 census by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc.
262	Lakewood Village Texas Population Charts According to the most recent demographics data available from the Census Bureau released in December of 2016, Figure 1 Lakewood Village shows it has 584 population which is the 4th smallest population of all the other places in the area.
263	Lakewood Village Texas Marriage and Families Charts Figure 12 shows the marriage status it has the largest proportion of total percent of people widowed at 6% of the total and is ranked #1. Figure 14 is the average size of a typical family. Lakewood Village shows it has 3.2 average family size which is the 3d most of all other places in the area.
264	Lakewood Village Population by Race. The table below shows population data by race for Lakewood Village, TX. The highest percentage of the population is White at 89.9%. 10.3% of the population is Hispanic, making that the second largest group.
265	Lakewood Village Population by Gender Lakewood Village, TX population data, segmented by gender, is displayed in the table below. Males comprise 47.5% of the population. Females comprise 52.5% of the population.
266	Also, compared to the state of Texas, Population Change of 5.5%, Lakewood Village is 29.2% larger. Looking at population density in Figure 5 Lakewood Village reveals it has 826 population density which is the 2nd smallest population density of all the other places in the area.
267	Total occupied homes in Lakewood Village with people under 18 years old: Total: 199; Population of homes with one or more people under 18 years: 75; Population of family homes: 75; Husband-wife family: 65; Under 6 years only: 14; Under 6 years and 6 to 17 years: 13; 6 to 17 years only: 38; Other family: 10; Male householder, no wife present: 3; Under 6 years only: 1
268	Lakewood Village Population by Race The table below shows population data by race for Lakewood Village, TX. The highest percentage of the population is White at 89.9%. 10.3% of the population is Hispanic, making that the second largest group.
269	Welcome to Pangaon Inland Container Terminal. Bangladesh Inland Water Transport Authority (BIWTA) and the Chittagong Port Authority (CPA) jointly built this inland terminal at a cost of Tk1.54bn.
270	You are here: Home » About. Bangladesh Inland Water Transport Authority (BIWTA) and the Chittagong Port Authority (CPA) jointly built this inland terminal at a cost of Tk1.54bn. The terminal is expected to play a positive role in the country’s economic development by opening up a new horizon in the transportation of exported and imported goods through waterways.
271	The inter-ministerial meeting will also discuss non-availability of ships at the Pangaon port terminal. “Some 32 agencies have been licensed by the Ministry of Shipping for launching ships, but those are yet to come into operation. Currently, some three ships of Summit alliance are operating in the port,” he added.
272	Despite the fact that Pangaon is not an international port, direct cargo vessel movement between India and Bangladesh started to pave the way under the 'Coastal Shipping Agreement' signed in 2015. The 'Shonartori Nou Kalyan-1' reached the Pangaon Inland Container Terminal at Keraniganj on Friday with 65 containers on board.
273	Pangaon, South Keranigonj , Dhaka, Bangladesh. Bangladesh Inland Water Transport Authority (BIWTA) and the Chittagong Port Authority (CPA) jointly built this inland terminal at a cost of Tk1.54bn.
274	Highlights. 1  1. First cargo vessel from India arrives at Pangaon Port in Bangladesh. 2  2. Cargo ships to now reach and depart from Pangaon to India every 15 days. 3  3. India and Bangladesh signed the Coastal Shipping Agreement in 2015.
275	OOCL has two offices in Bangladesh, one at Chittagong the main Seaport & another in Capital City at Dhaka (some 300 Kilometers North of Chittagong Sea Port. Country Head sits in the head office at Capital city.
276	The official language in Bangladesh is Bengali, though English is widely spoken. The capital of the country is Dhaka, Majority people are of Muslim (90%), Hindus are about 9% & others are about 1%. The area of the country is 147570 Square Kilometer. To the south of Bangladesh is Bay of Bengal & Indian Ocean.
277	Use of Pangaon port may be made mandatory for some imports. Authorities concerned are considering making the import of some products mandatory through Pangaon port by ensuring shipment on time at affordable charges, officials said.
278	The People’s Republic of Bangladesh is in South Asia surrounded by borders of India & Myanmar. Bangladesh got independence in 1971 after liberation war with West Pakistan. Population is about 160 million in 2013. It is world’s 8th most populous country.
279	8 Reasons to Join the Student Government Association July 10, 2012 - Get Involved in Student Life this Fall through your Student Government Association! Hello fellow Titans!
280	Some of the benefits of joining SGA include: 1  Joining a network of active and engaged students. 2  Growing your professional development skills. 3  Becoming a student leader on campus. 4  Impacting the growth of our university.
281	Once you join SGA, you can use lobby visits to advocate for less government, conservative legislation, and lower student fees (especially if you attend a public university). Additionally, this will help you build contacts and connections with legislators and their staffs.
282	Please complete and return to the Student Government Association Office. Incomplete applications will not be accepted. Questions? Contact Lori Cannon at 850.873.3598 or lcannon@gulfcoast.edu. Requirements for SGA membership Application: Applicant must have a minimum GPA of 2.0 and be in good standing with Gulf Coast State College. A
283	SGA serves the student body in the following ways: 1  Prioritizing issues that matter to you as a student. 2  Representing your voice in university wide decisions. 3  Hosting events that increase involvement and enhance your student experience.
284	The student government association is among the best orgs to join. Find out why this org can improve your resume and your personality in more ways than one. The student government association is among the best orgs to join.
285	Why You Should Join Student Government! Uncategorized April 13, 2012, by Staff Writer Ask an SGA Representative about how you can be interviewed for a SGA position today!
286	So they will ask you why you want to “become part of their team” and you need to have a good answer – one that incorporates the company research you did before your interview and how your skills and experiences have made you want to pursue that job. The key is to focus on the company, not the specific job description.
287	Why are you the best advocate for the College of Music; College of Visual Arts, Theatre, and Dance; and the College of Motion Picture Arts? How do you plan to bring these colleges closer to the SGA and the student body? What are some specific ideas for programming that you would like to implement? How might these programs benefit the student body?
288	Personal choice : I would prefer to join these 4 types of orgs 1  : A student org that is related to my career which is part of a national professional chapter like American Marketing Association. 2  An organization that helps me build good friendships or meet people from different countries or same country.
289	About the Downtown Cruise Ship Berths. Juneau has two cruise ship docks located in the downtown waterfront. There are also two private cruise ship docks in the area. Together they serve nearly 1 Million passengers a season (May through September).The current city owned docks provide berthing for one ship up to 800 feet in length and one Panamax ship up to 1,000 feet in length.he current city owned docks provide berthing for one ship up to 800 feet in length and one Panamax ship up to 1,000 feet in length.
290	1 Wells Fargo: Wells Fargo has several offices in Juneau; the branch closest to the Cruise Terminal is located at 123 Seward Street. 2  First National Bank of Alaska: this Alaska-based bank has an office and ATM at 238 Front Street. 3  Key Bank: Key Bank has a branch with an ATM located at 234 Seward Street.epending on the location in the city and borough, average annual rainfall ranges from 55 inches to over 90 inches, and the average annual snowfall at Juneau International Airport is 93 inches. June and July are the driest months, with an average of 16 days of rain.
291	The cruise ships in Juneau Alaska are the heart and soul of our tourism season. When the crusie ships show up in Juneau, this town of 30,000 residents comes alive!he cruise ships in Juneau Alaska are the heart and soul of our tourism season. When the crusie ships show up in Juneau, this town of 30,000 residents comes alive!
292	For other ships of the same name, see USS Juneau. USS Juneau in June 1942. The first USS Juneau (CL-52) was a United States Navy Atlanta class light cruiser sunk at the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal 13 November 1942. In total 687 men, including the five Sullivan brothers, were killed in action as a result of its sinking.he was down 12 ft (4 m) by the bow, but able to maintain 13 kn (15 mph, 24 km/h). A few minutes after 1100, two torpedoes were launched from I-26. These were intended for San Francisco, but both passed ahead of her. One struck Juneau in the same place that had been hit during the battle.
293	Juneau Basics. Juneau, the capital of Alaska and the second largest city in the state, is located on the Gastineau Channel, less than 100 miles from the US-Canadian border. The borough and city of Juneau is the second-largest in the United States by area--larger even than the state of Delaware.epending on the location in the city and borough, average annual rainfall ranges from 55 inches to over 90 inches, and the average annual snowfall at Juneau International Airport is 93 inches. June and July are the driest months, with an average of 16 days of rain.
294	Following a hurried shakedown cruise along the Atlantic coast in the spring of 1942, Juneau assumed blockade patrol in early May off Martinique and Guadeloupe Islands to prevent the escape of Vichy French Naval units.he was down 12 ft (4 m) by the bow, but able to maintain 13 kn (15 mph, 24 km/h). A few minutes after 1100, two torpedoes were launched from I-26. These were intended for San Francisco, but both passed ahead of her. One struck Juneau in the same place that had been hit during the battle.
295	1 The Juneau Public Library, located at 292 Marine Way adjacent to the Cruise Ship Docks, offers free Wi-Fi internet access. 2  The library is open from 11:00 am to 8:00 pm Monday through Thursday, and from noon to 5:00 pm on Friday through Sunday.epending on the location in the city and borough, average annual rainfall ranges from 55 inches to over 90 inches, and the average annual snowfall at Juneau International Airport is 93 inches. June and July are the driest months, with an average of 16 days of rain.
296	Another leading industry there is government. Juneau became a state capital when Alaska became the 49th U.S. state in 1959, and today, nearly 60 percent of the city's population works in government.The governor's mansion stands on a hillside overlooking the cruise docks, and anyone can take a walk up the hills via steep stairways.he most exciting way to see the glacier is by helicopter. Temsco Helicopters (877-789-9501) offers a basic tour with about 30 minutes in the air and 20 to 25 minutes on the glacier; upgrade to the pilot's choice tour for two different glacier landings.
297	Improvements in this area is entering the final phase which will construct two new floating berths capable of handling one Panamax ship up to 1,000 feet in length and one post-Panamax ship up to 1,100 feet in length.he current city owned docks provide berthing for one ship up to 800 feet in length and one Panamax ship up to 1,000 feet in length.
298	Juneau is on Alaska Time, nine hours earlier than Greenwich Mean Time during standard time, or eight hours during daylight savings time. Daylight savings time begins on the second Sunday of March, and ends on the first Sunday of November.epending on the location in the city and borough, average annual rainfall ranges from 55 inches to over 90 inches, and the average annual snowfall at Juneau International Airport is 93 inches. June and July are the driest months, with an average of 16 days of rain.
299	Using contractors and subcontractors. The difference between contractors and subcontractors. There is an important distinction between using contractors and subcontractors. Contractors. Contractors provide agreed services to a client for a set fee - and possibly duration - under a contract for services.
300	A subcontractor is a person who is hired by a general contractor (or prime contractor, or main contractor) to perform a specific task as part of the overall project and is normally paid for services provided to the project by the originating general contractor.
301	A subcontractor agreement is an agreement which specifies the terms of a relationship between a contractor and subcontractor, including the type of work the subcontractor is being hired to perform.
302	(sabkənˈtrӕktə) , ((American) sabˈkontraktər) noun. a person who undertakes work for a contractor and is therefore not directly employed by the person who wants such work done. The building contractor has employed several subcontractors to build the block of flats.
303	With this approach, each subcontractor is assigned an expected claim level or claim experience target based on its loss history, for claim categories that have a credible volume of information for actuarial projections.
304	Subcontractors are frequently hired to work on construction sites. A subcontractor agreement specifies the terms of a relationship between a contractor and subcontractor, including the type of work the subcontractor is being hired to perform. Electricians may work as subcontractors on a construction project.
305	There is an important distinction between using contractors and subcontractors. Contractors provide agreed services to a client for a set fee - and possibly duration - under a contract for services. (This is in contrast to a contract of service, eg a contract of employment, which is between an employee and employer.)
306	For the class of mathematical functions, see Subcontraction map. A subcontractor is an individual or in many cases a business that signs a contract to perform part or all of the obligations of another's contract.
307	A subcontractor has a contract with the contractor for the services provided - an employee of the contractor cannot also be a subcontractor. Subcontractors undertake work that a contractor cannot do but for which the contractor is responsible.
308	Related Terms. Junior or secondary contractor who contracts with a prime contractor (and not the principal or owner of the project) to perform some or all of the prime contractor's contractual-obligations under the prime contract. You Also Might Like... Jeffrey Glen.
309	OHC Supply: The Total Builders Resource. OHC Supply has developed a standing reputation based on quality and its commitment to customer service. Supported by professionally trained staff and a 10,000 sq. ft. Builders Resource Center, OHC is the Total Builders Resource. OHC is your one-stop solution provider for fireplaces, windows, doors, insulation, millwork, interior hardware, and more. And, we install it, too.
310	Consolidated Builders Supply Brands and Showroom. All our products have the name brand quality you can trust. The products we provide come from reputable manufacturers like Marvin Windows and Doors, Windsor Windows and Doors, and Integrity Windows and Doors (from Marvin).
311	Fox Building Supply is your number one stop for all of your building supplies. We’ve been providing friendly service and low prices for all of your home and building needs! Family owned and established in 1971, we are very experienced within our community and we welcome the opportunity to help you with all your home building or remodeling needs.
312	If you need vinyl windows, aluminum windows, or even wood windows, we can custom fit your selection to the dimensions necessary. You can trust our expert team to take care of all your home window needs. That’s right, we’ll say it again. We carry vinyl windows, aluminum windows, wood windows, and steel windows.
313	Service After The Sale - Always! The products you need, when you need them. Contractors Supply Co. is a locally, family-owned business serving the State of Oklahoma since 1956. We are the leader in supplying commercial construction supplies, tools, equipment and building materials in our industry.
314	Aluminum, Vinyl, Wood Windows and More. Are you in the market for replacing your current windows, or needing new windows in general? Consolidated Builders Supply takes it to heart when producing the best of the best windows for consumers. It’s important to us that the materials we use withhold the initial wear and tear, weather, and even the test of time.
315	Service After The Sale - Always! Contractors Supply Co. is a locally, family-owned business serving the State of Oklahoma since 1956. We are the leader in supplying commercial construction supplies, tools, equipment and building materials in our industry.
316	Ln – $17.00 • Includes Fabrication Galley Kitchen. Ln – $19.00 • Includes Fabrication L-Shaped Or U-Shaped Kitchen. Huge Selection of Tile and Slabs of Granite to choose from. Too much inventory to show online, stop in today to see our selection.
317	Local: 405-525-7431. Contractors Supply Co. is a locally, family-owned business serving the State of Oklahoma since 1956. We are the leader in supplying commercial construction supplies, tools, equipment and building materials in our industry.
318	With 9 stores in four states, Metro Appliances & More has the buying power to offer the lowest possible price on more than 50 major brands of appliances including GE, Whirlpool, Samsung, LG, Bosch, Thermador, SubZero, Wolf and more.
319	Wilson writes: David Frost met Jill St. John at Darrin McGavin's birthday party in Los Angeles, saw her the next two nights, too, and took her to the Bistro.... is seen with Henry Kissinger dining at the Sans Souci and the Jockey Club and lunching at Le Provencal.
320	Natalie was in love with her husband, Robert Wagner, and while she was working doubly hard for the two of them because he wasn't bringing in any money at the time, while she worked on two films, she hardly had time for love affairs.
321	Robert Wagner has been married to Jill St. John since May 26, 1990. They have been married for 26.8 years. Robert Wagner.
322	Robert Wagner Admits He Plotted To Kill Warren Beatty - Starpulse.com. Oh, he thinks he's good. He thinks he can put stories in books of lies, telling tales about how he waited outside Warren Beatty's house with a gun, when in fact, for the timing of his story, Beatty wasn't even in the country.
323	An incredible piece of 1960s eye candy, Jill St. John absolutely smoldered on the big screen, a trendy, cosmopolitan presence in lightweight comedy, spirited adventure and spy intrigue who appeared alongside some of Hollywood's most handsome male specimens.
324	columnist Walter Winchell writes: Jill St. John and Bob Evans had some of us fooled when they said they merely were making personal appearances on tour for the Inn of the Sixth Happiness movie. But that's how these things start. Back here in town they are inseparable..
325	Jill St. John is the only actress to have appeared in a live-action Batman production and an EON-produced Bond film. She appeared in the pilot for the Batman (1966) TV series, with Adam West and in Diamonds Are Forever (1971). Jill and Robert Wagner officially became an item on Valentine's Day 1982.
326	Marti Rulli, Author: Goodbye Natalie Goodbye Splendour (Natalie Wood) Goodbye Natalie Goodbye Splendour is the poignant story of a young, cavalier adventurer, Dennis Davern, who landed the position of Splendour Captain and how the Wagner family welcomed him into their hearts and home.
327	Harrison tells that Bob Neal flew into town for a month and he's trying to get a date with Jill St. John. Jill's latest gift from Lance is a pearl and diamond necklace. Her birthday gift to Lance (beside the gag present of one share of Woolworth stock) was six solid gold buttons designed to be put on a blazer..
328	It was, after all, supposed to be a happy occasion. So then why was everybody boohooing? There was joy, certainly, but perhaps those were also tears of relief at Robert (R.J.) Wagner’s wedding to longtime love Jill St. John last weekend at his west Los Angeles ranch. It has been, after all, eight years since the couple began going steady in the shock and grief that followed the 1981 drowning death of Wagner’s wife, actress Natalie Wood.
329	10/18/2015 https://frameset.next.ecollege.com/(NEXT(187cf8279e))/Main/AllMode/FramesetHybrid/GeneralFramesetView.ed data:text/html;charset=utf­8,%3Ctable%20cellspacing%3D%220%22%20cellpadding%3D%220%22%20width%3D%22100%25%22%20border%3D%220%22… 1/3 1. Question : FDR’s first 100 days in office was a remarkable period of legislative activity.
330	the dust bowl was caused partially by the great depression, due to the depression, farmers were trying to make maximum profit, so they cut down trees to get more land, planted too much, and let cattle graze too much, and that took out all the roots holding the soil together, causing the soil to loosen into dust and blow everywhere.
331	The Dust Bowl drought of the 1930s was one of the worst environmental disasters of the Twentieth Century anywhere in the world. Three million people left their farms on the Great Plains during the drought and half a million migrated to other states, almost all to the West.
332	What were the two basic causes of the Dust Bowl during the early 1930s? strip mining and toxic chemical dumping over farming and drought urban sprawl and - 333667 1
333	Drought Conditions. While not a direct cause of the Great Depression, the drought that occurred in the Mississippi Valley in 1930 was of such proportions that many could not even pay their taxes or other debts and had to sell their farms for no profit to themselves. The area was nicknamed The Dust Bowl..
334	2016-01-15T12:11:18-05:00. Assuming that this is referring to the same list of options that was posted before with this question, the correct response would be applying dryland farming techniques to agriculture, since a lack of such measures was in fact a major source of the devastation. Report.
335	What were the two basic causes of the Dust Bowl during the early 1930s? strip mining and toxic chemical dumping over farming and drought urban sprawl and overpopulation deforestation and railway construction
336	What?! There is no Declaration of Independence?! What if... Select two of the grievances from the list in the lesson below: No trials by jury Not able to trade freely Unfair taxes ...
337	2015-03-09T21:42:19-04:00. Severe drought and failure to apply dryland farming methods to prevent wind erosion were the reasons for the Dust Bowl. So the correct answer would be toxic chemical dumping over farms and drought urban sprawl. Report.
338	http://www.enotes.com/history/q-and-a/what-were-causes-dust-bowl-1930s-35681 Well, the Great Depression of the 1930s was one of the main factors that caused the Dust Bowl of the same period but it was not the MAIN CONTRIBUTING factor that lead to the ecological disaster.
339	1 You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. 2  You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM. 3  You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB.  You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB.
340	On this page you can learn to speak Tahitian words, and French phrases and words, that will be most useful. Further down you will find some French words that will help you to read food items on a menu (so the surprises on your plate are good ones!).
341	Rarotongan (Māori Kūki 'Āirani) Rarotongan or Cook Islands Maori is an Polynesian language spoken on the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands. It's closely related to Taihitian and Maori. Some sources classify Rarotongan as a dialect of Cook Islands Maori (Māori Kūki 'Āirani). Other Cook Islands Maori dialects are Rakahanga-Manihiki; Tongareva dialect (Penrhyn); Ngaputoru dialects of Atiu, Mitiaro and Mauke; Aitutaki; and Mangaia.
342	1 We are experiencing some problems, please try again. 2  You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. 3  You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM.  You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB.
343	1 You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB. 2  You can only upload a photo (png, jpg, jpeg) or a video (3gp, 3gpp, mp4, mov, avi, mpg, mpeg, rm). 3  You can only upload a photo or a video.  Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b>.
344	1 We are experiencing some problems, please try again. 2  You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. 3  You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM. 4  You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB.  You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB.
345	But remember that you will get the rapport of the Polynesians more easily by using some words from the Tahitian language rather than trying to speak French. Also, it will make your trip easier (and less embarrassing) if you know some of the following Tahiti French phrases:
346	1 You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB. 2  You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB. 3  You can only upload a photo (png, jpg, jpeg) or a video (3gp, 3gpp, mp4, mov, avi, mpg, mpeg, rm).  You can only upload a photo or a video.
347	The official languages of Tahiti and her islands are French and Tahitian. Although French is used in schools and business, the Tahitian language is still preferred by most islanders in their homes.
348	Talk the Tahitian Language. If you learn some Tahitian words from the Tahitian language you will make a good impression with the locals. Before you fly off on your Bora Bora vacation have some fun memorizing a few useful Tahiti French phrases as well.
349	Water going from a gas to a liquid: Condensation. Water going from a gas to a solid: Deposition. In each phase change there will be either an absorption or release of latent heat. Latent heat absorption cools the surrounding air while latent heat release warms the surrounding air.
350	The melting point of a substance is the temperature at which it changes from. a solid to a liquid. a liquid to a solid. a gas to a solid. a solid to a gas. The boiling point of a substance is the temperature at which it changes from. a liquid to a gas. a liquid to a solid. a gas to a solid. a solid to a liquid. When a gas is compressed it changes state into a. liquid.
351	American Chemical Society 3. Welcome. Free online resource for teaching. basic concepts in chemistry at the. middle school level. Six chapters of activity-based lesson. plans which align with state standards. in physical science and inquiry. Two main goals: • Help students understand common. every day observations on the. molecular level. • Help students design and conduct.
352	The term sublimation refers to a physical change of state and is not used to describe transformation of a solid to a gas in a chemical reaction. For example, the dissociation on heating of solid ammonium chloride into hydrogen chloride and ammonia is not sublimation but a chemical reaction.
353	Sublimation (phase transition) Sublimation is the phase transition of a substance directly from the solid to the gas phase without passing through the intermediate liquid phase. Sublimation is an endothermic process that occurs at temperatures and pressures below a substance's triple point in its phase diagram.
354	Boiling Evaporation and Condensation. Evaporation is the change of phase from liquid to gas. Evaporation occurs only at the surface of the water and at every temperature. However, evaporation is directly proportional to the temperature, increasing in the temperature increasing in the rate of evaporation.
355	Sublimation is the change of state from solid to gas. Some of the solid matters change their states directly to the gas with the gained heat. For example, dry ice (frozen CO2) sublimate when heat is given. Inverse of this process is called deposition, in which gas matters lost heat and change their phase to solid.
356	CHANGE OF STATE. Evaporation, condensation, sublimation, freezing, and melting are changes of state. Evaporation is the changing of liquid water to invisible water vapor. Condensation is the reverse process. Sublimation is the changing of ice directly to water vapor, or water vapor to ice, bypassing the liquid state in each process. Snow or ice crystals result from the sublimation of water vapor directly to the solid state. We are all familiar with freezing and melting processes.
357	Introduce the process of condensation. If students do not know what the process of condensation is, you can tell them it is the opposite of evaporation. In evaporation, a liquid (like water) changes state to become a gas (water vapor). In condensation, a gas (like water vapor) changes state to become a liquid (water). Explain that as water molecules in the air cool and slow down, their attractions overcome their speed and they join together, forming liquid water. This is the process of condensation.
358	hai friend, from your points, melting, boiling and sublimation are the process done when heat taken in for transition of state of matter from solid to liquid, liquid to gas and solid to gas respectively, also evaporation comes in this section. Condensation and freezing are done when heat gone out. best regards.
359	Dr. Antonio Ramada, MD http://d1ffafozi03i4l.cloudfront.net/img/silhouettes/silhouette-male_w120h160_v1.jpg Visit Healthgrades for information on Dr. Antonio Ramada, MD.ops, you entered a bad link for Dr. Ramada! The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
360	301-797-2500. 1718 Underpass Way, Hagerstown, MD 21740 • 301-797-2500 • Hotel Fax: 301-797-6209. The Ramada Plaza-Hagerstown, MD is Located just off I-81 at Exit 5-A, .5 miles North of I-70 on the Western Side of Hagerstown.This Hagerstown Hotel is convenient to Historic Downtown Hagerstown, Hagerstown Premium Outlets, the Valley Mall, and the Hagerstown Regional Airport.Nearby Attractions include Antietam National Battlefield, Harpers Ferry, Fort Frederick State Historical Site, and the Crystal Grottoes Cavern.his Hagerstown Hotel is convenient to Historic Downtown Hagerstown, Hagerstown Premium Outlets, the Valley Mall, and the Hagerstown Regional Airport. Nearby Attractions include Antietam National Battlefield, Harpers Ferry, Fort Frederick State Historical Site, and the Crystal Grottoes Cavern.
361	9 Facts About Hospital Quality. Patients’ risk of dying during a hospital stay for heart bypass surgery could be 85.2% lower, on average, at a hospital rated 5 stars compared to a hospital rated 1 star for that procedure.Choosing the right hospital is critical to your health.ops, you entered a bad link for Dr. Ramada! The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
362	Dr. Marco Lopez Sr., MD http://d1ffafozi03i4l.cloudfront.net/img/silhouettes/silhouette-male_w120h160_v1.jpg Visit Healthgrades for information on Dr. Marco Lopez Sr., MD. Find Phone & Address information, medical practice history, affiliated hospitals and more.Save Saved.hank You. This confirms that we have received your survey about Dr. Lopez Sr.. Please note: Your insights will help other patients make informed decisions. Please note: it may take 1 business day for your survey response to appear.
363	Detailed Information. NPI Number 1578763462 has the “Individual” type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) — DR. LETICIA A PORET MD PA.Records indicate that the provider gender is “Female” .ou can get information about the owner of the 1578763462 NPI number — DR. LETICIA A PORET MD PA in the PDF and Text formats.
364	Detailed Information. NPI Number 1356536031 has the “Individual” type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) — NILDA A GUERRA-CAVAZOS MD.Records indicate that the provider gender is “Female” .he fax number associated with the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address fax number''.
365	Oops, you entered a bad link for Dr. Ramada! The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.ops, you entered a bad link for Dr. Ramada! The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
366	You can get information about the owner of the 1578763462 NPI number — DR. LETICIA A PORET MD PA in the PDF and Text formats.ou can get information about the owner of the 1578763462 NPI number — DR. LETICIA A PORET MD PA in the PDF and Text formats.
367	You can get information about the owner of the 1356536031 NPI number — NILDA A GUERRA-CAVAZOS MD in the PDF and Text formats.he fax number associated with the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address fax number''.
368	Patients’ risk of dying during a hospital stay for heart bypass surgery could be 85.2% lower, on average, at a hospital rated 5 stars compared to a hospital rated 1 star for that procedure.Choosing the right hospital is critical to your health.hank You. This confirms that we have received your survey about Dr. Lopez Sr.. Please note: Your insights will help other patients make informed decisions. Please note: it may take 1 business day for your survey response to appear.
369	The Koepka Genealogy and Family Tree Page. Welcome to the Koepka Family page at Surname Finder, a service of Genealogy Today. Our editors have compiled this checklist of genealogical resources, combining links to commercial databases along with user-contributed information and web sites for the Koepka surname.
370	Brooks Koepka (born May 3, 1990) is an American professional golfer. He is ranked inside the top-25 in the Official World Golf Ranking and chose a different route than other young Americans to get mainstay status on the PGA Tour, by starting his career on the European Challenge Tour and eventually the European Tour.
371	Last name: Born. This ancient name is of Anglo-Saxon origin, and is one of the earliest topographical surnames existing today. The derivation is from the Old English pre 7th Century burna, burne, spring, stream, which was originally used as a topographic name for someone who lived beside a stream.
372	Many things can go wrong when a record collection is indexed. If you're having diffculty finding Koepka ancestors in a particular database at one site, try finding it on another and compare the results.
373	In the North, however, the word burn is still used for a stream. Some instances of the modern surname, found as Bown(e), Burn(e), Burns, Born(e), Boorne, Burner and Bo(u)rner, may be locational in origin, from a place named from being beside a stream.
374	DNA testing for genealogy continues to improve. If you had some of your Koepka relatives tested several years ago, it may be worthwhile to have them retested. Likewise, as DNA testing companies have gathered more results and samples, you may be able to find more matches if you search again with your test results.
375	Last name: Born. Tweet. This ancient name is of Anglo-Saxon origin, and is one of the earliest topographical surnames existing today. The derivation is from the Old English pre 7th Century burna, burne, spring, stream, which was originally used as a topographic name for someone who lived beside a stream.
376	Nike athlete Brooks Koepka carved out a 1-under-par 34-35=69 in the final round of the Travelers Championship to post 10-under 270, down three into a two-way T9, four back of champion Russell Knox. The 26-year-old began the finale on 9-under (T6), six back of overnight leader Daniel Berger.
377	As additional sources for vital records, original documents, vintage photographs and surname-based DNA projects are discovered, this page is updated to offer the best list for researching Koepka ancestry.
378	Early years and amateur career[edit] Koepka was born in West Palm Beach, Florida but raised in Lake Worth, Florida. He attended Cardinal Newman High School. He played college golf at Florida State University where he won three events and was a three-time All-American. He qualified for the 2012 U.S. Open while still an amateur, but missed the cut.
379	A symphony is a large, multi-movement work for orchestra. It calls for instruments from all four sections (winds, strings, percussion, and brass) and explores a complete range of melody, harmony, rhythm, dynamics, and timbre. That seems like a basic definition, but even that already has a number of exceptions.
380	So we generally have either Fast-Slow-Fast-Fast or Fast-Fast-Slow-Fast. There are also different types of Key-schemes through the symphony. A good example of a classical key-scheme would be the 1st, 3rd and 4th movements are in the tonic key, but the 2nd movement and the trio of the 3rd movement are in the subdominant.
381	Some composers, including Dmitri Shostakovich, Sergei Rachmaninoff, and Carl Nielsen, continued to write in the traditional four-movement form, while other composers took different approaches: Jean Sibelius' Symphony No. 7, his last, is in one movement, whereas Alan Hovhaness's Symphony No. 9, Saint Vartan—originally op. 80, changed to op. 180—composed in 1949–50, is in twenty-four.
382	A symphony is divided into four movements; the first movement is usually fast, the second one is slow, the third is medium, and the fourth movement is fast. This pace is intended to keep the listener...
383	Lastly, the finale introduces a percussion group that is meant to be (and in the S.F. Symphony performances actually was) under the stage. It is the ticking clock on individual existence and it plays in a different tempo from the rest of the orchestra.
384	Sonata Form. Sonata form is used in many types of large-scale instrumental works of the late 18th century and the 19th century, including: Symphonies, which are technically Sonatas for Orchestra. Most Concertos are written in a modified 3-movement Sonata form, excluding the Minuet/Scherzo movement.
385	An orchestra (/ˈɔːrkᵻstrə/ or US: /ˈɔːrˌkɛstrə/; Italian: ) is a large instrumental ensemble typical of classical music, which mixes instruments from different families, including bowed string instruments such as violin, viola, cello and double bass, as well as brass, woodwinds, and percussion instruments, each grouped in sections.
386	Indeed, after Schumann's last symphony, the Rhenish composed in 1850, for two decades the Lisztian symphonic poem appeared to have displaced the symphony as the leading form of large-scale instrumental music.
387	Believe it or not, there is a way to understand Beethoven's genius past the first eight notes. As you'll soon discover, a symphony is a form of classical music. Form is the arrangement of sections within a piece of music, and understanding how these sections work together can help the listener make sense of what the composer was trying to express.
388	1 Symphonic composition during the mature Classical period (roughly the late 18th to the early 19th century) was overwhelmingly dominated by Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and Ludwig van Beethoven.
389	The word convict here (elegcw /elegxo) means to bring to light or expose error often with the idea of reproving or rebuking. It brings about knowledge of believing or doing something wrong, but it does not mean that the person will respond properly to that knowledge. Our usage of the English word, convict, is similar.
390	The first problem is the meaning of anothen: is it “again” or “from above”? The occurrence of this same word in 3:31 with the unquestioned meaning “from above” quickly tilts the evidence in that direction. It also has that meaning in 19:11, 23.
391	The word translated “comfort” by the NASU translators was parakaleo (an AAS3S). It was translated as “comfort” by the NASU (and NASB), KJV, NKJV, YLT (Young’s Literal Translation), and the BBE (Bible in Basic English) and “encourage” by the NET, NIV, NLT, ESV, NJB (New Jerusalem Bible), NRSV, and the RSV.
392	In 16:9, the problematic elegxo occurs: “in every instance the verb has to do with showing someone his sin, usually as a summons to repentance” (Carson, John, 537). Therefore, to convict the world is shaming it and attempting to persuade it of its guiltiness, and in this way “calling it to repentance” (ibid.).
393	However, Louw & Nida include Luke 8:41 under 33.315: “to ask a person to accept offered hospitality – ‘to invite.’” But parakaleo does not mean invite here, but simply to urge, implore, or even beg someone to do something.
394	The Ministry of the Holy Spirit John 16:4b-15 Introduction. This morning our scripture reading and special music have all been related to Palm Sunday in celebration of the day that Jesus made His triumphal entry into Jerusalem. That certainly was a special and exciting day.
395	The word elegxo refers to “not only exposure but shame and conviction” (Carson, John, 207). The Evangelist continues (3:20) by saying that those who refuse the Light actually hate the Light. This is followed by a contrast with those who “practice the truth.”
396	The previous use of this word in the FG was at 13:10. In 15:5, being “apart from” the vine is contextually the opposite of abiding. The idea of being apart from the vine contains slight connotations to being the opposite of repentance.
397	Those additional things that Jesus wanted to say would come through the ministry of the Holy Spirit. Here in verse 13 the Spirit is again called the Spirit of Truth, but here Jesus adds that the Spirit will guide them into all truth.
398	If so, then 1:4b is a reference to personal holiness and not positional holiness. However, contextually, positional holiness seems to be the much preferred reading. For example, while 1:4 says that His choosing leads to our holiness, 1:5 says that Him predestining us leads to our adoption … a positional concept.
399	Latrobe, Pennsylvania Population: Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts Compare population statistics about Latrobe, PA by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc. CensusViewer delivers detailed demographics and population statistics from the 2010 Census, 2000 Census, American Community Survey (ACS), registered voter files, commercial data sources and more.
400	The population density in Latrobe is 1153% higher than Pennsylvania. The median age in Latrobe is 8% higher than Pennsylvania. In Latrobe 97.58% of the population is Caucasian. In Latrobe 0.95% of the population is African American. In Latrobe 0.36% of the population is Asian.
401	Latrobe population breakdown by race. In Latrobe, 0.3% of people are of Hispanic or Latino origin. Please note: Hispanics may be of any race, so also are included in any/all of the applicable race categories above.
402	Beneath the boundary map are tables with Latrobe population, income and housing data, five-year growth projections and peer comparisons for key demographic data. The estimates are for July 1, 2017. Neighborhood Data
403	Latrobe, PA has a population of 8,237 and is the 4,561st largest city in the United States. The population density is 3,557 per sq mi which is 1153% higher than the Pennsylvania average and 3826% higher than the national average. The median age in Latrobe is 44 which is approximately 8% higher than the Pennsylvania average of 40.
404	In Latrobe, 58% of the population over 15 years of age are married, 98% speak English and 0% speak Spanish. 85% of Latrobe residents were born in Pennsylvania, 13% were born out of state, 0% were born outside of the United States and 1% were foreign born.
405	The Borough of Latrobe had a population of 8,086 as of July 1, 2017. Latrobe ranks in the upper quartile for Population Density when compared to the other cities, towns and Census Designated Places (CDPs) in Pennsylvania. See peer rankings below. The primary coordinate point for Latrobe is located at latitude 40.3124 and longitude -79.3826 in Westmoreland County.
406	4.70%. 1  In Latrobe, 0.3% of people are of Hispanic or Latino origin. Please note: Hispanics may be of any race, so also are included in any/all of the applicable race categories above. 2  Source: The Latrobe, PA demographics data displayed above is derived from the United States Census Bureau.
407	Latrobe, Pennsylvania Population: Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts. Compare population statistics about Latrobe, PA by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc. CensusViewer delivers detailed demographics and population statistics from the 2010 Census, 2000 Census, American Community Survey (ACS), registered voter files, commercial data sources and more.
408	Compare population statistics about Latrobe, PA from the 2010 and 2000 census by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc.
409	Sherman Poppen attached two skis together in Muskegon, Mich., in 1965. His wife christened it the Snurfer and the kids loved it. He may have been inspired by a sled-like device made of plywood that first appeared in the 1920s. Poppen may have made the first snowboard; many say that he did. He certainly took a step in the evolution of snowboards. Dutch native Dimitrije Milovich, who slid down the hills of Ithaca, N.Y., on trays from the Cornell cafeteria, also seems to have strong claim on the first actual snowboard.
410	exists and is an alternate of . Jack Burchett built a snowboard like sled in 1929. He did this by taking a piece of plywood and used horse reigns to tie the feet to the board. The next snowboard like sled was invented in 1965 by Sherman Poppen called the Snurfer. The Snurfer is often credited as being the first snowboard. Jack Burchett built a snowboard like sled in 1929. He did this by taking a piece of plywood and used horse reigns to tie the feet to the board.  The Snurfer is often credited as being the first snowboard.
411	Snowboard toe-strap bindings were invented in the last few years. Discover the lure of snowboard toe-strap bindings from a snowboarding enthusiast in... Choose the right snowboard bindings with tips ... Snowboards & Snowboarding Equipment; Snowboard Bindings; ...
412	He added bindings to keep their boots secure. (Randy Lee October 14, 2014) The Snurfer was believed to be fairly simple and had no bindings, but this is debatable. It is widely accepted that Jake Burton Carpenter (founder of Burton Snowboards) and/or Tom Sims (founder of Sims Snowboards) invented modern snowboarding. In 1981, a couple of Winterstick team riders went to France at the invitation of Alain Gaimard, marketing director at Les Arcs.
413	Who Invented Snowboarding? Tom Sims invented snowboarding when he built the first snowboard in 1963. Growing up in New Jersey, the young surfer and skateboarder became frustrated when ice and snow prevented him from pursuing his passion for board sports during the winter months.
414	Digital Vision/Digital Vision/Getty Images. Tom Sims invented snowboarding when he built the first snowboard in 1963. Growing up in New Jersey, the young surfer and skateboarder became frustrated when ice and snow prevented him from pursuing his passion for board sports during the winter months.
415	The next major advance came in 1982, when Sims put metal edges on his snowboard so it could be used in a wider variety of snow conditions. He went on to improve and expand the sport over the years, introducing new snowboarding styles, bindings and designs.
416	The first real ski technology for snowboards was introduced by Burton and Winterstick in 1980. Their new prototype had a P-Tex base. In 1982 the first international snowboard race was held in Suicide Six, outside of Woodstock, Vermont.
417	By 1986, although still very much a minority sport, commercial snowboards started appearing in leading French ski resorts. In 2008, selling snowboarding equipment was a $487 million industry. In 2008, average equipment ran about $540 including board, boots, and bindings.
418	Snowboards are boards that are usually the width of one's foot longways, with the ability to glide on snow. Snowboards are differentiated from monoskis by the stance of the user. In monoskiing, the user stands with feet inline with direction of travel (facing tip of monoski/downhill) (parallel to long axis of board), whereas in snowboarding, users stand with feet transverse (more or less) to the longitude of the board.
419	Hedy Lamarr: Movie star, inventor of WiFi. Hollywood is a place where folks are often recognized more for their looks than their talent - and actress Hedy Lamarr was no exception. But it's what she invented in her spare time - to help end that war - that has history turning a kinder eye, linking her to a bombshell of a whole different sort. Lee Cowan reports: She possessed the kind of beauty that was haunting - an almost smoldering sensuality, with an exotic accent to match.
420	The typical Wi-Fi setup contains one or more Access Points (APs) and one or more clients. An AP broadcasts its SSID (Service Set Identifier, Network name) via packets that are called beacons, which are broadcasted every 100ms.
421	Wi-Fi or WiFi (/ˈwaɪ faɪ/) is a technology that allows electronic devices to connect to a wireless LAN (WLAN) network, mainly using the 2.4 gigahertz (12 cm) UHF and 5 gigahertz (6 cm) SHF ISM radio bands.
422	Also the firmware running on the client Wi-Fi card is of influence. Say two AP's of the same SSID are in range of the client, the firmware may decide based on signal strength (Signal-to-noise ratio) to which of the two AP's it will connect.
423	exists and is an alternate of . The precursor to Wi-Fi was invented in 1991 by the military and used commercially in 1999. The idea began in the 1980s. The precursor to Wi-Fi was invented in 1991 by the military and used commercially in 1999. The idea began in the 1980s.
424	The first version of the wireless protocol's legacy is now obsolete and would be considered dreadfully slow by today’s standards. It had a maximum data transfer rate of 2 Mbps, or Megabits per second. Most applications created today would not be able to operate efficiently at those speeds.
425	But where did it come from? In 1985, the technology called 802.11 was made available for use due to a U.S. Federal Communication Commission ruling, which released the three bands of the radio spectrum now used for nearly all wireless communication: 900 MHz, 2.4 GHz, and 5 GHz.
426	Following are a few facts about WiFi: Back in 1991 Wi-Fi was invented by NCR Corporation/AT&T (later on Lucent & Agere Systems) in Nieuwegein, the Netherlands. Initially meant for cashier systems the first wireless products were brought on the market under the name WaveLAN with speeds of 1Mbps/2Mbps. Vic Hayes who is the inventor of Wi-Fi has been named 'father of Wi-Fi' and was with his team involved in designing standards such as IEEE 802.11b, 802.11a and 802.11g.
427	When the IEEE was formed in 1990, they chose Vic Hayes, also popularly known as the Father of Wi-Fi, as its chairman. For the next ten years, Hayes helped direct the development of new wireless protocols as well as market the technology worldwide.
428	Wireless Revolution: The History of WiFi. Believe it or not, there was a time when if you wanted to get on the Internet your only option was to have a phone cable or Ethernet cable plugged directly into your computer or laptop.
429	So that's what Bezirksschornsteinfegermeister means. What was once the longest word in the German language, a tongue consisting of many ridiculously lengthy words, is no more. A regional parliament recently repealed the legislative measure, which was established in 1999, rendering the word obsolete.
430	This earns the word a Guinness World Record. It is also one of the longest monosyllabic words of the English language. 8 Euouae is six letters long, but all of the letters are vowels. It holds two Guinness World Records.
431	14 of the Longest Words in English. Yes, this article is about some of the longest English words on record. No, you will not find the very longest word in English in this article. That one word would span about fifty-seven pages. It’s the chemical name for the titin protein found in humans. Its full name has 189,819 letters.
432	Question: What is the longest word in Spanish? Answer: The answer depends on what you mean by the longest word, but regardless of your definition the longest word isn't superextraordinarísimo, the 22-letter word once listed in a famous recordbook and the word that was usually cited as the longest in the language. (It means most superextraordinary.)
433	A man has been recorded spending more than three hours to pronounce what is supposedly the longest word in the English language. 'Methionylthreonylthreonylglutaminylarginyl...isoleucine' is the chemical name of 'titin' (also known as 'connectin') - the largest known protein.
434	The 7 Longest Words In The English Language. Before we start, we thought that we should clarify a few points about our selection. Some of these words have been coined, some are scientific terms (which aren't part of everyday conversation) and some do actually appear in the dictionary.
435	The longest word in the Oxford English Dictionary is 'pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis' at 45 letters long. 'Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious', made famous by Mary Poppins, is 34 letters long. > 'Amazeballs', 'mummy porn', 'frenemy' make Collins online dictionary.
436	The classic longest German word is Donaudampfschiffahrtsgesellschaftskapitän, which in English becomes four words: Danube steamship company captain.. More than most other languages, German tends to string words together to form new vocabulary. All languages, including English, do this to some extent, but German takes it to new extremes.
437	What was once the longest word in the German language, a tongue consisting of many ridiculously lengthy words, is no more. The term rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgesetz — that's 63 letters long for those of you keeping track at home — means the law for the delegation of monitoring beef labeling..
438	Another reason why there really isn't a single longest German word: German numbers, long or short, are written as one word. For example, to say or write the number 7,254, not really a very long number, the German is siebentausendzweihundertvierundfünfzig, a single word of 38 letters.
439	US Zip Code. In the US, the zip codes, also know as ZIP Code 5 or Zip Code 5 plus 4 are usefull to organize the mail delivery process. Germany was the first into use the system, followed by the US, in the 60's. AL - Alabama.
440	There are a number of synonyms for postal code; some are country-specific. 1  Postal code: The general term is used in Canada. 2  Postcode: This solid compound is popular in many English-speaking countries and is also the standard term in the Netherlands.  Eircode: The standard term in Ireland.
441	Your ZIP code is. Hi, my name is Jonatan Heyman. I made this website in a few hours on a train, while commuting to Stockholm. More than once I've needed the zip code/postal code for the place I’m currently at, and the swedish postal service’s website is pretty bad. This is my attempt to solve this problem. I've also made a canadian specific postal code website for finding Canada postal codes.
442	What is a zip code/postal code? In the United States of America a zipcode is five or nine numbers that are added to a postal address to assist the sorting of mail. There are currently about 43,000 zipcode. This tool can also find the postal code of many other countries.
443	In the US, the zip codes, also know as ZIP Code 5 or Zip Code 5 plus 4 are usefull to organize the mail delivery process. Germany was the first into use the system, followed by the US, in the 60's. 1  AL - Alabama.  AK - Alaska.
444	At US ZIP Codes you can search ZIP Codes to send mail and looking up US Cities and US Addresses Zip + 4 zip codes. The ZIP Code is a unique number that distinguishes cities accross the world. Almost every country uses a ZIP Codes sytem, with some exceptions like Ireland or Hong Kong.
445	What's my Zip Code - Find the zip code of your current location. We have found the zip code you are likely in using your general area. To get your exact zipcode please share your location. You can also find the zipcode of any address or point clicked on the map. Searching for a city may not give you a result as there are many zip codes within a city. if this is the case click within the city limits to find the zip code of that spot.
446	Most of the postal code systems are numeric; only a few are alphanumeric (i.e. use both letters and digits). Alphanumeric systems can, given the same number of characters, encode many more locations. For example: with a 2 digit numeric code we could code 10 x 10= 100 locations.
447	In some countries (such as those of continental Europe, where a numeric postcode format of four or five digits is commonly used) the numeric postal code is sometimes prefixed with a country code when sending international mail to that country.
448	A postal code (also known locally in various English-speaking countries throughout the world as a postcode, post code, Eircode, PIN Code or ZIP Code ) is a series of letters and/or digits, sometimes including spaces or punctuation, included in a postal address for the purpose of sorting mail.
449	100 Famous Scottish People. This is a list of 100 famous Scottish people. This includes people who were born in Scotland, but also people born outside of Scotland, but who spent considerable time living there and identified with a Scottish identity.rom the perspective of Scottish history, Robert the Bruce or William Wallace have been very influential. In modern times, it is probably Alex Salmond. If you want to make a suggestion about who should be in list (or who shouldn’t) you can leave a comment below. 1.
450	Famous Scottish people. Scotland has produced a large number of well known people across all industries from philosophy, music, film and science.View our galleries and see how many of them you can name.amous Scottish people. Scotland has produced a large number of well known people across all industries from philosophy, music, film and science.
451	Famous Scottish People-Historical Figures. There are so many famous Scottish people throughout history that of course it's impossible for us to list them all! Instead we've picked out a handful (or two) of famous Scots who have played significant roles in Scotland's past......Charles Edward Stuart (Bonnie Prince Charlie) (1720 - 1788). Grandson of King James VII, and a direct descendant of Robert the Bruce, also known as the 'Young Pretender'.hey've also been 'big' in the world of music, poetry, politics, sports, drama (the acting variety!) and much more. On this page you'll find a list of famous Scottish people in history, politics, and music/literature.
452	The 10 most famous Scottish actors have made a definite impact on the film industry, included in this list not just because of their heritage, but because of their talent as well. Hollywood is rife with actors and actresses from all across the globe and Scotland has contributed many of the entertainment industry’s best.1  Sean Connery Born in Fountainbridge, Edinburgh, Connery is by far and away the most famous Scottish actor of our time.ollywood is rife with actors and actresses from all across the globe and Scotland has contributed many of the entertainment industry’s best. 1  Sean Connery Born in Fountainbridge, Edinburgh, Connery is by far and away the most famous Scottish actor of our time.
453	Perhaps the most influential person from a global perspective is David Hume (philosopher) or Adam Smith (economist). From the perspective of Scottish history, Robert the Bruce or William Wallace have been very influential.In modern times, it is probably Alex Salmond.If you want to make a suggestion about who should be in list (or who shouldn’t) you can leave a comment below. 1.rom the perspective of Scottish history, Robert the Bruce or William Wallace have been very influential. In modern times, it is probably Alex Salmond. If you want to make a suggestion about who should be in list (or who shouldn’t) you can leave a comment below. 1.
454	ArmstrongThe head of this powerful Border family was killed by King James V. Baxter Baxter was (and is) a common name in Angus as Forfar was at one time a royal residence and the first Baxters there may well have been royal bakers. Borthwick The family is thought to be one of the most ancient in Scotland.mithSmith is the most common surname in Scotland (and in England and the USA). Stevenson / Stephenson / Stephen A well known and frequently found surname in Scotland. Stewart/Stuart The most famous occupational name in Scotland and a line of kings and queens which lasted for nearly 350 years.
455	45. Many of Scotland’s most famous inventions – kilts, tartans and bagpipes-were actually developed elsewhere. Kilts originated in Ireland, tartans have been found in Bronze Age central Europe and bagpipes are thought to have come from ancient central Asia.46.5. Many of Scotland’s most famous inventions – kilts, tartans and bagpipes-were actually developed elsewhere. Kilts originated in Ireland, tartans have been found in Bronze Age central Europe and bagpipes are thought to have come from ancient central Asia. 46.
456	It ranked 319th most popular name England and Wales in 1996 and 684th most popular in 2014. It has been moderately popular in the United Stated and was listed in the top 100 boys names in the U.S. in 2005.t ranked 319th most popular name England and Wales in 1996 and 684th most popular in 2014. It has been moderately popular in the United Stated and was listed in the top 100 boys names in the U.S. in 2005.
457	Scotland has limited self-government within the United Kingdom, as well as representation in the UK Parliament. Executive and legislative powers respectively have been devolved to the Scottish Government and the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood in Edinburgh since 1999.he Scotland Office represents the UK government in Scotland on reserved matters and represents Scottish interests within the UK government. The Scotland Office is led by the Secretary of State for Scotland, who sits in the Cabinet of the United Kingdom; the current incumbent is David Mundell.
458	William Wallace, Defender of Scottish independence. Considering how small Scotland is, you may be a bit surprised to see how many historically significant roles have been played by famous Scots, but we're not! Apparently we're a very intelligent, resourceful, creative and dedicated group....hey've also been 'big' in the world of music, poetry, politics, sports, drama (the acting variety!) and much more. On this page you'll find a list of famous Scottish people in history, politics, and music/literature.
459	Confidence votes 199. A pathologist must complete undergraduate of 4 years, medical school of 4 years and a residency in clinical, anatomical, or clinical/anatomical pathology of 3-4 years. Fellowships in forensics, blood banking, and other areas are typically a year long and are done following residency.
460	How Much Pathologists Earn. Pathologists' earnings vary slightly based on the type of pathology they practice. According to the MGMA (Medical Group Management Association), median annual earnings are about $279,000 for anatomic pathologists and $252,00 for clinical pathologists.
461	A Pathologist in the MD/DO sense is someone who diagnoses pathologies in patients, or it can be academic. I believe that a PhD is pathology is the scientific pursuit of understanding pathological mechanisms, and developments. Not diagnoses in a clinical sense. Apr 4, 2012. #2. link2swim06 7+ Year Member 3,250.
462	Mar 9, 2008. Do I have to go to medical school and get MD to become a pathologist? (like molecular or clinical pathologist..) I saw graduate programs that offer PhD or MS in pathology..
463	If your career goal is to become a pathologist's assistant, you will need to get the appropriate training first. This is a good career choice for someone who is methodical and who has an interest in science.
464	Salary Range and Outlook. New program graduate salaries range from $75,000 to $90,000 with experienced pathologists’ assistants earning $100,000 or more annually. Factors that influence a pathologists’ assistant’s salary include experience, workload, setting and regional cost of living. Sign-on, retention and annual bonuses are commonplace.
465	Once students are finished their post-secondary training to become a pathologist's assistant, they may need to be certified by the state where will be working to be fully qualified. An online search can give you more information about the requirements for becoming certified to do this kind of work.
466	Therefore, all pathologists must have completed a medical degree from an accredited medical school, and have completed clinical training in pathology. The duration of medical residency training in pathology is four to five years after the completion of medical school. While autopsies are a large component of pathologists' work, performing autopsies is actually only part of what pathologists do.
467	Career and Economic Outlook. According to PayScale.com, the median annual income of a pathology assistant was $69,098 in January 2016. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) predicts that employment opportunities for medical and clinical laboratory technicians will increase by 18% between 2014 and 2024.
468	Second-year students who are in training to become a pathologist's assistant will get the opportunity to work in an autopsy room, assisting with these procedures. They learn how to prepare medical specimens by dissecting them.
469	What I found shocked me! The data show that soil temperatures reached 52 degrees F. on Feb. 24 in 2000, Feb. 25 in 2001, Mar. 14 in 2002 and Mar. 4 in 2003. My timing advice has been wrong ! To get good crabgrass control in Atlanta you should apply the pre-emergent on March 1, not March 15.Otherwise the seed will sprout beforehand….and most pre-emergent chemicals do not control crabgrass seedlings.hat I found shocked me! The data show that soil temperatures reached 52 degrees F. on Feb. 24 in 2000, Feb. 25 in 2001, Mar. 14 in 2002 and Mar. 4 in 2003. My timing advice has been wrong ! To get good crabgrass control in Atlanta you should apply the pre-emergent on March 1, not March 15.
470	The key is the timing. Pre-emergent herbicides MUST be applied BEFORE crabgrass seed germinate. If Bob and other lawn owners choose one of the products above and put it out on March 1, 2004. I think summer crabgrass control will be much better.hat I found shocked me! The data show that soil temperatures reached 52 degrees F. on Feb. 24 in 2000, Feb. 25 in 2001, Mar. 14 in 2002 and Mar. 4 in 2003. My timing advice has been wrong ! To get good crabgrass control in Atlanta you should apply the pre-emergent on March 1, not March 15.
471	If you're using herbicide, apply a pre-emergent shortly before annual weeds, such as crabgrass, begin to grow in the spring. A good rule is to apply the pre-emergent before the dogwoods begin to bloom. You may decide to use a pre-emergent combined with fertilizer as an early lawn treatment.f you're using herbicide, apply a pre-emergent shortly before annual weeds, such as crabgrass, begin to grow in the spring. A good rule is to apply the pre-emergent before the dogwoods begin to bloom. You may decide to use a pre-emergent combined with fertilizer as an early lawn treatment.
472	Scotts Halts Crabgrass Preventer. When to Apply: Apply in early spring to prevent crabgrass all season long. For most areas this is going to be from early March until mid May. So it can vary from March 1st-May 20th.Crabgrass seeds can germinate when nighttime soil temperatures reach over 50 degrees for 3 days.uidelines to Apply: There are guidelines to applying Scotts Halts Crabgrass Preventer. Always apply in early spring from March to May. Either before dandelions reach the puffball stage or before Forsythia blooms. Forsythia is usually the first flowering shrub that blooms in the spring.
473	A pre-emergent herbicide is a weed killer applied prior to the emergence of the weed from the soil. Chemicals like dithopyr (Dimension) and pendimethalin (Pre-M, Scotts' Halts) prevent all seeds from germinating, including grass seed. pre-emergent herbicide is a weed killer applied prior to the emergence of the weed from the soil. Chemicals like dithopyr (Dimension) and pendimethalin (Pre-M, Scotts' Halts) prevent all seeds from germinating, including grass seed.
474	1 Wait two to four months to re-seed the lawn after using a pre-emergent herbicide. 2  Use a pre-emergent herbicide during late winter or during early spring of the next year to prevent any crabgrass seeds left behind from developing at the next opportunity.f the crabgrass seeds have already sprouted and crabgrass has appeared in your grass, the pre-emergent herbicide will do no good. However, you still have an option. Post-emergent herbicide products control crabgrass after it has already germinated. Post-emergent herbicides work by killing the crabgrass plants.
475	When to Apply Crabgrass Preventer. Crabgrass seeds germinate in the early Spring when the temperature of the surface soil rises into the 50s and 60s. Once the seeds germinate, the opportunity for prevention is passed. So, applying the preemergent early is key.rabgrass seeds germinate in the early Spring when the temperature of the surface soil rises into the 50s and 60s. Once the seeds germinate, the opportunity for prevention is passed. So, applying the preemergent early is key.
476	Even a lawn that is largely crabgrass free should be treated with pre-emergent, I believe, as crabgrass seeds are easily transported to a lawn in autumn by wind, rain, birds, pets and so on.Too, crabgrass seeds can lay dormant for years, waiting for prime conditions to sprout.ven a lawn that is largely crabgrass free should be treated with pre-emergent, I believe, as crabgrass seeds are easily transported to a lawn in autumn by wind, rain, birds, pets and so on.
477	For Early and Best Control. Crabgrass seeds can germinate each year when nighttime soil temperatures reach over 50 degrees for 3 days. This “wakes up” the seed, and starts it on its process of growing up to be your worst nightmare.Note, the seed “can” germinate at that point.reen Light Crabgrass Preventer covers up 5,000 sq. ft. with a 10 lb. bag, and is safe to use on all lawn types. (IMPORTANT! See note below.). This is one of the few companies that provides the pre-emergent alone, as most want to sell you a combination product with fertilizer.
478	Guidelines to Apply: There are guidelines to applying Scotts Halts Crabgrass Preventer. Always apply in early spring from March to May. Either before dandelions reach the puffball stage or before Forsythia blooms. Forsythia is usually the first flowering shrub that blooms in the spring.uidelines to Apply: There are guidelines to applying Scotts Halts Crabgrass Preventer. Always apply in early spring from March to May. Either before dandelions reach the puffball stage or before Forsythia blooms. Forsythia is usually the first flowering shrub that blooms in the spring.
479	The DNA polymerases are enzymes that create DNA molecules by assembling nucleotides, the building blocks of DNA. These enzymes are essential to DNA replication and usually work in pairs to create two identical DNA strands from a single original DNA molecule.
480	DNA polymerases are responsible for adding nucleotides to the strands of new DNA being created. They are also responsible for replacing the RNA primers with DNA.
481	DNA polymerase is the enzyme that joins nucleotides together to make a new DNA strand. Other proteins separate the original DNA strands, but DNA polymerase makes new DNA.
482	answered Mar 8, 2012 by hcbiochem Level 2 User (2,140 points). DNA polymerase is the enzyme that joins nucleotides together to make a new DNA strand. Other proteins separate the original DNA strands, but DNA polymerase makes new DNA.
483	How might the double-helix structure of DNA make that possible? Copying the Code What role does DNA polymerase play in copying DNA? DNA polymerase is an __________________ that joins individual nucleotides to produce a new strand of DNA.
484	The second two activities of DNA Pol I are important for replication, but DNA Polymerase III (Pol III) is the enzyme that performs the 5'-3' polymerase function.
485	DNA ligase is responsible for joining together fragments of DNA. In DNA replication, after the primers are replaced by DNA Polymerase I, DNA ligase assists in the formation ph … osphodiester bonds between the fragments. This is essential for creating one continuous strand.
486	A number of proteins are associated with the replication  fork, which helps in terms of the initiation and continuation of  DNA synthesis. One protein, the DNA polymerase, creates the  new DNA by adding complementary nucleotides to the template strand.
487	The role that enzymes plays in DNA replication is that the enzyme helicase breaks hydrogen bonds between the complementary bases, and the chains separate.
488	DNA polymerase is the primary enzyme responsible for DNA  replication. Two of its major roles are: the polymerization of  dNTP's or deoxyribonucleotides, and to proofread th … e new copies.
489	It certainly depends on how the Chinese respond.... If they're seen to be basically positive, this represents a chance to improve U.S.-China relations that hasn't existed since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, and indeed since 1989, with the Tianamen massacre.
490	He is China's ambassador to the United States. ...We think that China-American relationship should move forward in the interests of both sides. But China is a country which suffered a lot in the past. China country, like the United States, jealously guards its own sovereignty and territory, integrity and dignity.
491	China and the united states will find common cause, but in others they will have different interests. in those. cases, China is now less likely than it was, say, a decade ago, to defer to the united states. the united states is not ignoring China.
492	The total distance from United States to Beijing, China is 6,667 miles. This is equivalent to 10 730 kilometers or 5,794 nautical miles. Your trip begins in the United States. It ends in Beijing, China. Your flight direction from United States to Beijing, China is Northwest (-25 degrees from North). The distance calculator helps you figure out how far it is to fly from United States to Beijing, China. It does this by computing the straight line flying distance (as the crow flies).
493	There are clearly elements within the Bush administration, and within Congress, who see China as the next great enemy for America. We think China is not an enemy of the United States, and neither is the United States an enemy of China.
494	Once when you decide, that you want to travel by road, it is important to manage the travel expenses. You can calculate the Trip Cost from China to United States using this trip cost calculator. * The above is an approximate. Road Conditions, Diversions, Weather Conditions, Traffic, etc. affect distance.
495	Surprisingly close! The United States and Russia are just a few kilometers apart! The island of Big Diomede is in Russian territory, and not far away is Little Diomede, which is part of the United States. At their closest points, the two islands are about 3.8 km (2.4 mi) apart. If you could handle the cold water, you could swim from the USA to Russia! See the Google map here:
496	First of all, our relations with China have been, and will remain for the foreseeable future to be mixed, to be a complex combination of cooperation and contention. So the first thing is, don't ever expect a kind of nirvana of peaceful, cooperative productive U.S.-China relations.
497	China and the United States are engaged in a major gamble with each other. The United States is gambling that, with increased engagement and especially with increased trade, it'll become a more liberal society and more open society.
498	Our driving directions finder will provide you with Directions from China to United States! After knowing all the above factors, it is also important that you know for how much time you will have to travel. You can find the Travel Time from China to United States.
499	These are some of the most common symptoms of rotator cuff injury, which may cause pain in your left arm or shoulder (10): 1  Sudden sharp shooting pain in the shoulder region. The pain of rotator cuff injury radiates from your shoulder towards the arm and elbow. 2  Painful movements of shoulder joint.
500	Occurring on your right or left sides, armpit pain can be symptom. There are a number of natural remedies that can help treat shingles. 11. Inflamed Hair Follicles. Your armpit is home to a very high concentration of hair follicles that are prone to infection.
501	The inflammation causes armpit pain, lumps, and is typically a reaction to a fungal, viral, or bacterial infection. Lymphadenitis can occur anywhere in the body, so the armpits can also be affected because of the concentration of lymph nodes in the area .
502	Severe pain from neck into shoulder dull ache down right arm for 8 weeks now getting pins and needles in right hand is this a trapped nerve? Dr. Stephen Cohen Dr. Cohen 1 doctor agreed:
503	In addition, this pain can be experienced by male and female, children and adults but some causes may be more specific to women or men. On location, the pain could be on the right left or the right armpit and can extend to nearby parts such as chest, shoulder, breast and other parts. Finally, it can be mild, chronic or sharp shooting depending on the causes. Let us now look at the common causes of pain in armpit.
504	As a sufferer at the moment of an ache in the armpit caused by what has been diagnosed at two lymph nodes trapping a couple of veins, added to the fact that Im also a Non Hod. Lyphoma patient, I would STRONGLY recommend that that posting earlier about massaging is totally ignored.
505	A person with arm pain experiences soreness, itching, numbness, or discomfort in the structures of the arm. Arm pain is usually caused by an injury, irritation, or inflammation of the skin, muscles, bones, or joints in the arm, although everyday activities, including typing, writing, working with tools, playing sports, lifting heavy objects, or exercising can cause arm pain.
506	Shoulder dislocation – Shoulder dislocation can cause sharp armpit and arm pain, weakens, numbness, swelling. It might also cause nerve damages. Viral infections – “Infections such as AIDS, chickenpox, typhoid, measles and other infections caused by a virus can cause a dull pain in the armpit” [med-health.net].
507	Causes of Armpit Pain 1. Glandular Infections. If the sweat glands become infected with bacteria it can cause inflammation. Excessive sweating, poor hygiene or exposure to high heat can cause this problem to occur. If the glands are infected in the armpit it can lead to a hardened patch or boils accompanied by a dull, radiating pain. 2. Lymphoma
508	This could be something as simple as sleeping on your arm wrong causing irritation to a portion of your brachial plexus. Need physical exam to be sure. Dull ache in right armpit - What could cause dull ache in left armpit?
509	Shatter hash and other similar concentrates make up one of the fastest-growing facets of Colorado’s bustling marijuana industry — but shatter, which can be used for dabbing, is also still quite controversial.
510	A key to making Shatter work the way you want is to use a gradient layer, or a separate layer that tells the Shattter effect how to behave (this will make more sense later on). You can make your gradient layer in Photoshop, Illustrator, or another graphic program, then import the file into After Effects.
511	Shatter hash and other similar concentrates make up one of the fastest-growing facets of Colorado’s bustling marijuana industry — but shatter, which can be used for dabbing, is also still quite controversial. Shatter can be dangerous to produce, as many have learned after blowing up their garages or hotel rooms.
512	By Ricardo Baca, The Cannabist Staff. Shatter hash and other similar concentrates make up one of the fastest-growing facets of Colorado’s bustling marijuana industry — but shatter, which can be used for dabbing, is also still quite controversial.
513	Video: How shatter hash is made. Published: By Ricardo Baca, The Cannabist Staff. Shatter hash and other similar concentrates make up one of the fastest-growing facets of Colorado’s bustling marijuana industry — but shatter, which can be used for dabbing, is also still quite controversial.
514	Concentrate Basics: Shatter, Budder and Oil. As the popularity of concentrates continues to grow, so do questions about the many forms that dabs can take. In this video, we’re taking a closer look at the three main types of concentrates – Shatter, Budder and Oil.
515	As the popularity of concentrates continues to grow, so do questions about the many forms that dabs can take. In this video, we’re taking a closer look at the three main types of concentrates – Shatter, Budder and Oil.
516	Published: By Ricardo Baca, The Cannabist Staff. Shatter hash and other similar concentrates make up one of the fastest-growing facets of Colorado’s bustling marijuana industry — but shatter, which can be used for dabbing, is also still quite controversial.
517	 make the shatter layer . MAKE A GRADIENT. A key to making Shatter work the way you want is to use a gradient layer, or a separate layer that tells the Shattter effect how to behave (this will make more sense later on).
518	follow me on instagram @JAHGIFT420 how I finally made stable amber glass bho shatter and hella stoked that I know how to make it every time all I did is use very low temps and got tips from you're boy epicwax and a lot of other people that told me exactly on how they made it.
519	Lauderhill, FL Population and Races. As of 2010-2014, the total population of Lauderhill is 69,082, which is 19.97% more than it was in 2000. The population growth rate is lower than the state average rate of 21.14% and is much higher than the national average rate of 11.61%.
520	Population in households in Lauderhill ; Total Population: 66,295; Male Population: 30,304; Under 5 years: 2,633; 5 to 9 years: 2,228; 10 to 14 years: 2,358; 15 to 17 years: 1,476; 18 and 19 years: 948; 20 years: 437; 21 years: 443; 22 to 24 years: 1,286; 25 to 29 years: 2,116; 30 to 34 years: 1,964; 35 to 39 years: 1,952; 40 to 44 years: 1,929; 45 to 49 years: 2,067; 50 to 54 years: 2,027
521	Population in families living in Lauderhill ; Total Population: 53,115; Population Under 18 years: 16,760; Population 18 years and over: 36,355
522	Unmarried population in Lauderhill under 18 years old in homes ; Total Population: 17,084; Unmarried partner of home lead present: 1,988; In family homes: 1,965; Population of male led and male partner homes: 42; Population of male led and female partner households: 688; Population of female led and female partner households: 91
523	Most / Least Educated Cities in FL. As of 2010-2014, the total population of Lauderhill is 69,082, which is 19.97% more than it was in 2000. The population growth rate is lower than the state average rate of 21.14% and is much higher than the national average rate of 11.61%.
524	Current Lauderhill, Florida Population, Demographics and stats in 2016, 2017.
525	The Lauderhill population density is 8,071.07 people per square mile, which is much higher than the state average density of 294.44 people per square mile and is much higher than the national average density of 82.73 people per square mile. The most prevalent race in Lauderhill is black, which represent 77.74% of the total population. The average Lauderhill education level is lower than the state average and is lower than the national average.
526	1 Content provided by the US Census bureau for the years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015, 2016. 2  The Census Bureau can also provide statisics and demographics cor the years 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009 on their website.
527	Population Demographics for Lauderhill, Florida in 2016 and 2017.
528	Total population in Lauderhill ; Total Population: 66,887; Male Population: 30,649; Female Population: 36,238
529	an agricultural implement with teeth or tines for gathering cut grass, hay, or the like or for smoothing the surface of the ground. 2. any of various implements having a similar form, as a croupier's implement for gathering in money on a gaming table.
530	The rake of a roof is the outer edge that runs from the eave to the ridge, or peak, of the roof. It is typically perpendicular to the eave. Continue Reading
531	But you rake a match to light the candle, and that little bit of a noise will fetch him.
532	Rake definition, an agricultural implement with teeth or tines for gathering cut grass, hay, or the like or for smoothing the surface of the ground. See more. Dictionary.com
533	A: A grout rake and an oscillating multitool are good tools for removing grout, according to PopularMechanics. The rake is a hand-held tool recommended for sm... Full Answer >
534	Rake is a software task management tool, similar to Make, etc. in other systems. Rake is Ruby Make, a standalone Ruby utility that replaces the Unix utility 'make', and uses a 'Rakefile' and .rake files to build up a list of tasks. In Rails, Rake is used for common administration tasks, especially sophisticated ones that build off of each other.
535	mid-13c., clear (rubbish, grass, etc.) by raking; gather (grain) by raking, from rake (n.1), or from a lost Old English verb related to it, or from a similar Scandinavian source (cf. Swedish raka, Danish rage rake). Of gunfire from 1630s. Related: Raked; raking. To rake in money or something like it is from 1580s.
536	The rake of a roof is the outer edge that runs from the eave to the ridge, or peak, of the roof. It is typically perpendicular to... An eave is the area of a roof that hangs beyond the exterior wall. The rake of a roof is the outer edge that runs from the eave to the ridge, or peak, of the roof. It is typically perpendicular to...
537	an agricultural implement with teeth or tines for gathering cut grass, hay, or the like or for smoothing the surface of the ground. any of various implements having a similar form, as a croupier's implement for gathering in money on a gaming table.
538	Quick Answer. An eave is the area of a roof that hangs beyond the exterior wall. The rake of a roof is the outer edge that runs from the eave to the ridge, or peak, of the roof. It is typically perpendicular to the eave. The purpose of the eave is to keep rainwater away from the walls of the house.
539	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels. When used without further specification, blood pressure usually refers to the pressure in large arteries of the systemic circulation.
540	Calc Function. 1  Calcs that help predict probability of a diseaseDiagnosis. 2  Subcategory of 'Diagnosis' designed to be very sensitiveRule Out. 3  Disease is diagnosed: prognosticate to guide treatmentPrognosis.  Numerical inputs and 1  outputsFormula. Med treatment and moreTreatment.  Suggested protocolsAlgorithm.
541	Learn more about high blood pressure and its risk factors. It is important for everyone to know the facts about high blood pressure [PDF-255K]. About 75 million American adults (29%) have high blood pressure—that’s 1 of every 3 adults.1.
542	The only way to know (diagnose) if you have high blood pressure (HBP or hypertension) is to have your blood pressure tested. Understanding your blood pressure numbers is key to controlling high blood pressure. Learn what’s considered normal, as recommended by the American Heart Association. Blood Pressure.
543	Blood pressure is influenced by cardiac output, total peripheral resistance and arterial stiffness and varies depending on situation, emotional state, activity, and relative health/disease states. In the short term it is regulated by baroreceptors which act via the brain to influence nervous and endocrine systems.
544	Blood Pressure Levels Vary by Age. Women are about as likely as men to develop high blood pressure during their lifetimes. However, for people younger than 45 years old, the condition affects more men than women. For people 65 years old or older, high blood pressure affects more women than men.2.
545	Your blood pressure numbers and what they mean. Your blood pressure is recorded as two numbers: Systolic blood pressure (the upper number) — indicates how much pressure your blood is exerting against your artery walls when the heart beats. Diastolic blood pressure (the lower number) — indicates how much pressure your blood is exerting against your artery walls while the heart is resting between beats.
546	Mean arterial pressure. The mean arterial pressure (MAP) is a term used in medicine to describe an average blood pressure in an individual. It is defined as the average arterial pressure during a single cardiac cycle.
547	Management. 1  Patients with a MAP that is under or above set goal values should be treated with fluids, blood products, vasopressors, inotropes, or vasodilators depending on the clinical scenario.
548	Quick Answer. A normal range for mean arterial blood pressure is 70 to 110, according to GlobalRPh. A minimum of 60 is required to supply enough blood to nourish the coronary arteries, brain and kidneys. If mean arterial pressure falls below 60 for an appreciable length of time, vital organs can be deprived of oxygen.
549	In 1900, with the approval of Western League president Ban Johnson, Charles Comiskey moved the Saints into his hometown neighborhood of Armour Square, Chicago, where they became known as the White Stockings, the former name of Chicago's National League team, the Orphans (now the Chicago Cubs).
550	The White Sox would end May on a high note as they swept the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, to improve to 27-31 on June 1st. With a 1-0 win over the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley on July 2nd, the White Sox got back to .500, as Phillip Humber out dueled Matt Garza.
551	Several White Sox teams have received nicknames over the years: 1  The 1906 team were known as the Hitless Wonders, due to their .230 batting average, worst in the American League. 2  The 1919 White Sox are known as the Black Sox, after 8 players were banned from baseball for fixing the 1919 World Series.
552	Original name of the Chicago Cubs, named after the White Stockings that the players wore.
553	1903: The White Stockings struggle all season falling into seventh place with a disappointing record of 60-77. 1904: With their name shortened to White Sox, the team climbs back in to contention finishing within six games of first place with a solid 89-65 record that landed them in third place.
554	The White Sox were originally known as the White Stockings, a reference to the original name of the Chicago Cubs. To fit the name in headlines, local newspapers such as the Chicago Tribune abbreviated the name alternatively to Stox and Sox.
555	Chicago White Sox. One of the American League's eight charter franchises, the Chicago team was established as a major league baseball club in 1900. The club was originally called the Chicago White Stockings, but this was soon shortened to Chicago White Sox.
556	1901: Entering their first season as a Major League franchise the White Sox were the defending champions of the Western League, and it was a clear that in the inaugural season of the American League the Chicago White Sox were the team to beat.
557	The very first season in the American League ended with a White Stockings championship. However, that would be the end of the season as the World Series did not begin until 1903. The franchise, now known as the Chicago White Sox, made its first World Series appearance in 1906, beating the crosstown Cubs in six games.
558	The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago. The White Sox compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) Central division. Home games are held at Guaranteed Rate Field, located on the city's South Side, and the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
559	The bottle bill falls by the wayside. IF YOU were shopping for beer in, say, the 1940's, you had a pretty simple job. All you did was pick a brand and you were on your way. You paid for the beer and made the deposit on the bottles, and, when you'd emptied the bottles, you'd bring them back and collect the deposit.
560	State Beverage Container Deposit Laws. 12/15/2014. Beverage container deposit laws, or bottle bills, are designed to reduce litter and capture bottles, cans, and other containers for recycling. Ten states and Guam have a deposit-refund system for beverage containers. The chart below contains a citation and summary of each state law.
561	When the House considered the bottle bill in 1977, the bill was supported by only 42 representatives, while 124 others opposed it. This year, after almost two hours of testimony on March 29, the committee again rejected the bottle bill(H.B. 5) by a9-to-4 vote.
562	Oregon Bottle Bill. Carbonated beverage containers, like the plastic bottles shown here, are sold with refundable deposits. The Oregon Bottle Bill is a container-deposit legislation passed in the U.S. state of Oregon in 1971 and amended in 2007. It requires cans, bottles, and other containers of carbonated soft drink, beer, and (since 2009) water sold in Oregon to be returnable with a minimum refund value.
563	Container deposit legislation in the United States. There are ten states in the United States with container deposit legislation, popularly called bottle bills after the Oregon Bottle Bill, the first such legislation that was passed. Efforts to pass container deposit legislation in states that do not have them are often politically contentious.
564	Oregon’s Bottle Bill was introduced in 1971 as the very first bottle bill in the U.S. The bill was created to address a growing litter problem along Oregon beaches, highways and other public areas. Over the years, the Bottle Bill has prompted several other green initiatives.
565	Spurred by the apparent success of the Oregon bill, Vermont, Iowa, Maine, Connecticut, Delaware and Michigan have adopted similar measures in recent years. The California legislature is also considering a bottle bill proposal. Michigan voters approved that state's bottle bill in a binding referendum on November 2, 1976.
566	Because the redemption was 68.26% in 2014 and 64.45% in 2015, the refund value will increase to 10¢ effective April 1, 2017. The same bill further expands the law effective January 1, 2018, that all beverage containers except distilled liquor, wine, dairy or plant-based milk, and infant formula will include a deposit.
567	For nearly 40 years, redemption centers did not exist in Oregon, but early in 2010, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission approved the first experimental distributor-run redemption center in Wood Village, and later, Oregon City.
568	The bite of Oregon's bottle bill: Editorial. Richard Hodges returns cans and bottles to his local supermarket in 2007. If you have curbside recycling and are anything like us, then you've experienced the Bottle Bill Dilemma.
569	There’s no need to go through the preceding set of steps. 1  Internet Explorer is the preferred web browser in Windows. 2  Some programs, such as Internet Explorer, incessantly ask whether you want them to be the defaults every dang doodle time they run, even after you specify another program as the default.
570	To specify which programs are set up in Windows 7 and Windows Vista, follow these steps: 1  Open the Control Panel. 2  Choose Programs, and then beneath the heading Default Programs, click the link Set Your Default Programs. 3  Choose from the list the program you want to use as your web browser. 4  Choose the option Set This Program As Default.
571	There’s no need to go through the preceding set of steps. 1  Internet Explorer is the preferred web browser in Windows. Sometimes, it runs because Windows wants it to run, regardless of which browser you set up as the default web browser.
572	Windows 8 sets its new Mail app as the default email client. This is annoying when you click an email (MailTo) link on a webpage and you’re bounced into the new UI. Here’s how to change it to a different desktop email program like Outlook. Changing the default client from the Mail app to something else is similar to making PDFs and Photos open on the Desktop, or preventing videos and music files from opening in Windows 8 apps.
573	After clicking on Email, it reports that there is no default email program set up in my computer. In Firefox I have set up Gmail as my default and whenever I click on an email address, it opens my Gmail account just fine. Windows Default Program page does not give a Gmail option. Sep 23, 2014, 1:05 PM. I have this same issue, also with a Brother laser printer.
574	Step # 4 -- Try to send any email through your default Email Program In the last step, try to check your default email program. In order to do so, right click on any file and select the Send to option. Now click on the Mail Recipient option from the menu and your default email client program will open in front of your screen.
575	Default email client is the email client your computer uses to send emails when you click on the send email option. There are various email softwares available from which you can choose to set as your default email program. However, if you find that the current email program is not the one which you use then you can change it right away.
576	Though the default programs inventory isn’t specific to Internet programs, you will find Internet programs in the list. Choose from the list the program you want to use as your web browser. One example is Firefox. Choose the option Set This Program As Default. Repeat Steps 3 and 4 for your email program. Click OK. Whenever you install new Internet software, such as a new email program or web browser, it typically asks whether you want it to be the “default.”
577	This tutorial will guide you through setting up a default email program in windows for sending emails. Don't forget to check out our site http://howtech.tv/ ... This tutorial will guide you through setting up a default email program in windows for sending emails.
578	You can browse the Internet or pick up your email in more than one way. There are several web browsers available and a number of different local email readers. To specify which programs are set up in Windows 7 and Windows Vista, follow these steps: Open the Control Panel. Choose Programs, and then beneath the heading Default Programs, click the link Set Your Default Programs.
579	Sometimes you may need more than one witness to lay a proper foundation. The Mechanics of Getting Exhibits into Evidence. Some hearing officers require that all documents or exhibits be introduced at the beginning of the hearing. The exhibits will be numbered or lettered and then entered into evidence. Any objections or arguments about the exhibit's relevance or reliability are made at this time.
580	Federal Laws vs. State Laws. Federal laws, or statutes, are created by the United States Congress to safeguard the citizens of this country. Some criminal acts are federal offenses only and must be prosecuted in U.S. District Court.
581	(December 2006) The law of evidence also known as the rules of evidence, encompasses the rules and legal principles that govern the proof of facts in a legal proceeding. These rules determine what evidence must or must not be considered by the trier of fact in reaching its decision.
582	Criminal acts fall into two categories: felonies and misdemeanors. Felonies are offenses that may result in prison sentences of more than one year, while misdemeanors carry sentences of one year or less. The United States Congress decides which criminal acts are felonies and which ones are misdemeanors.
583	Advances in technology have led to the use of various digital techniques in the presentation of evidence to the courts. In some cases, digital techniques have allowed the court to gain more valuable information from evidence than would otherwise have been evident.
584	Though not stated, implicit in the ruling of both the trial court and the Court of Appeals of Minnesota is the acceptance of the digital imaging evidence that was presented by the defence. Nooner v. State of Arkansas, 907 S.W.2d 677 (October 9, 1995, Supreme Court of Arkansas) Facts.
585	If documents are entered as evidence, the side that presents the evidence must be able to prove that it is authentic and must be able to show the chain of custody from the original document creator to the person who now holds it. There are other factors that may render evidence inadmissible in court.
586	The ability to convince the court that digital evidence is worthy of reception into the criminal process is dependent on the qualifications and competence of the tendered expert, the skill and knowledge of the prosecutor in leading such evidence and the quality of the digital evidence itself.
587	Admissible Evidence. In a criminal case, evidence is important to both the prosecution and defense. When evidence is entered before the judge or jury, it is important that it is relevant, reliable and not prejudiced. If the evidence meets all of these requirements, it is referred to as admissible evidence.
588	Exhibits are anything other than testimony that can be perceived by the senses and presented at the trial or hearing. Exhibits include:  Real evidence — tangible objects such as clothes, weapons, tools.  Demonstrative evidence — evidence that represents or illustrates the real thing such as photos, videos, diagrams, maps, charts.
589	Straight Truck (with lift gate) Standards. Lengths: 22-26 feet. Widths: 96-102 inches. Heights: 12.5-13.5 feet. Commodities hauled can include: Office material, furniture, cleaning. supplies, local vendor material. Capacity.
590	United Kingdom. In the United Kingdom, the maximum permitted gross weight of a semi-trailer truck, without the use of a Special Type General Order (STGO), is 97,000 lb (44 t). In order for a 97,000 lb semi-trailer truck to be permitted on UK roads the tractor and semi-trailer must have three or more axles each.
591	A semi-trailer attaches to the tractor with a fifth wheel hitch, with much of its weight borne by the tractor. The result is that both tractor and semi-trailer will have a distinctly different design than a rigid truck and trailer.
592	Total length: 57 feet; trailer length: 28 feet 6 inches; motor home length: 45 feet; width: 8 feet 6 inches (excluding mirrors and safety equipment, and appurtenances up to 6 inches attached to a motor home, travel trailer, self-propelled camper or house car, truck camper, or RV); height: 13 feet 6 inches.
593	53' x 102 Dry Van (Swing Door) 30 pallets inside. Weight Capacity: up to 45,000 lbs. Door Opening: (W x H) : 102 x 110. Inside Dimensions (L x W x H): 52' - 6 1/4 x 102 x 110.
594	Data provided for illustrative purposes only. Actual equipment in use varies by carrier and manufacturer. This is only a guide and should not be used as a definitive reference for dock planning. Standard Freight Trailer.
595	Total length: 62 feet, 65 feet with a camping trailer, fifth wheel trailer, or park trailer; trailer length: 53 feet, 45 feet for motor homes, 28 feet as part of a combination; width: 8 feet 6 inches (only on certain roads, excluding safety equipment up to 6 inches); height: 13 feet 6 inches.
596	- the fifth wheel position on the lead trailer of a B Train must not be located more than 0.3. meters behind the center of the last axle on the lead semitrailer. Weight Limits: - the steering axle weight limit on straight trucks was increased to 7250 kg. - weight limit caps on the second trailer of A and C train double trailer combinations were. removed and replaced by the requirement that the weight of the tractor drive axles + the.
597	Trailers vary depending on the load requirements and state regulations. These are standard equipment dimensions (these dimensions provided for general information purposes. only). Permits may still be required for your freight, but regulations vary from state to state. Please contact your C.H. Robinson truckload representative for assistance with your load.
598	Total length: 65 feet; trailer length: 28.5 feet; motor home length: 45 feet; trailer width: 8 feet (8 feet 6 inches on certain roads); motor home width: 8 feet 6 inches (excluding appurtenances up to width of rear view mirrors); height: 13 feet 6 inches (14 feet on designated roads).
599	For Hulk and The Incredible Hulk, the character is just a digital image, but for The Avengers, he is portrayed through performance motion-capture technology by Mark Ruffalo, who also portrays Bruce Banner.
600	View All Photos (2) The Incredible Hulk, the live-action TV series based on the popular Marvel Comics character, was preceded by a 2-hour TV-movie pilot. Bill Bixby stars as Dr. David Banner (Bruce Banner in the original comic books), a scientist whose experimentation with gamma rays has a most dramatic effect.
601	Caught in a gamma bomb explosion while trying to save the life of a teenager, Dr. Bruce Banner was transformed into the incredibly powerful creature called the Hulk. An all too often misunderstood hero, the angrier the Hulk gets, the stronger the Hulk gets. more.
602	Starring: Edward Norton, Liv Tyler, Tim Roth, William Hurt. The Incredible Hulk kicks off an all-new, explosive and action-packed epic of one of the most popular super heroes of all time. In this new beginning, scientist Bruce Banner (Edward Norton) desperately hunts for a cure to the gamma radiation that poisoned his cells and unleashes the unbridled force of rage within him: The Hulk. Living in ...
603	Caught in a gamma bomb explosion while trying to save the life of a teenager, Dr. Bruce Banner was transformed into the incredibly powerful creature called the Hulk. An all too often misunderstood ...
604	For years, Bruce (Edward Norton) has been living in the shadows, pursued by the military and haunted by the rage within. But traveling the world in secrecy isn't easy, and as hard as he tries Bruce can't get Betty Ross (Liv Tyler) off his mind. The daughter of Bruce's nemesis Gen. Thaddeus Thunderbolt Ross (William Hurt), Betty represents everything that is beautiful in the world to a man who lives his life on the run.
605	IMDb. 1  MOVIES In Theaters. 2  CELEBS Born Today. 3  LATEST HEADLINES Box Office: ‘Boss Baby’ Stays in Charge, Edging ‘Beauty and the Beast’. 4  The leading information resource for the entertainment industry Find industry contacts & talent representation. |. 5  Help. Sign in with Facebook Other Sign in options.
606	―Bruce Banner. Hulk is the form taken by Bruce Banner whenever he is stressed, enraged or seriously injured. This is due to exposure to gamma radiation during an experiment attempting to find a way of making humans immune to gamma radiation. Bruce experiences flashbacks of when he was in his Hulk form.
607	Critic Reviews for The Incredible Hulk. All Critics (222) | Top Critics (46) | Fresh (149) | Rotten (73) | DVD (14) The climax is a bit of a yawn, but most of what precedes it is vigorous and sharp. April 14, 2013 | Full Review….
608	Movie Info. The Incredible Hulk, the live-action TV series based on the popular Marvel Comics character, was preceded by a 2-hour TV-movie pilot. Bill Bixby stars as Dr. David Banner (Bruce Banner in the original comic books), a scientist whose experimentation with gamma rays has a most dramatic effect.
609	The exact duties of an in-home tutor largely depend on the student’s age and objectives. Tutors with younger students may need to develop games, songs or activities to help maintain interest and make the experience fun. They may also need to adapt their teachings to coincide with the child’s school curriculum.
610	Average cost of tutoring: $37.50/hour. Tutor Bungalow is a tutoring marketplace — kind of like Amazon, but for tutors. Their low score is mainly attributed to their lack of points in tutoring effectiveness. Tutor Bungalow tutors can sign up in only 5 minutes, with no background check or additional training provided.
611	How much should I charge for SAT Tutoring? I was thinking of making some money this summer by tutoring kids for the SAT/ACT and other tests. How much do you think I should charge per hour for this tutoring? I got a 2370 on the SAT, three 800s on subject test, and am in the top 1% of my class. Oh, and I'm a rising Senior.
612	Tutor Universe, for example, charges 15 to 25 percent of tutor session revenue. Other sites, such as First Tutor USA, charge tutors to post advertisements for their services on their site but don’t charge a portion of the earnings from each lesson.
613	Average cost of tutoring: $48/hour. Although tutors can be found on Craigslist for $20/hour (that’s a cheaper deal), you may be swapping quantity for quality. Craigslist doesn’t specialize in providing tutors, so the site doesn’t screen their applicants.
614	Average cost of tutoring: $131.66/hour. Kumon, like other tutoring centers in our list of tutoring companies, loses points for convenience. It has no online or in-home options and set hours for tutoring centers that your student must go to.
615	Average cost of tutoring: $81.25/hour. If you hadn’t guessed it by the name of the company, 36 By Design only does one kind of tutoring — ACT Test Prep. It’s their opinion that by only focusing on one subject, they can perfect it.
616	In-home tutors can earn anywhere from $10 to $80 an hour, depending on the type of lesson, the student’s skill and age level and the tutor’s experience. Tutors often charge more for older students or those who require more advanced lessons.
617	Average cost of tutoring: $125/hour. Unfortunately, Test Masters receives fairly low ratings in a number of areas. A glance at their Yelp reviews is enough to make a parent uneasy, but this could have something to do with the company’s expansion over time.
618	Replies to: How much should I charge for SAT Tutoring? Probably $30-50 per/hour, depending on how affluent an area you live in. I tutored Chemistry for $20 per/hour, but because SAT requires more expertise, I would say slightly more. In London the rate is £125.00 per hour.
619	The film was set in the present day of its year of release, 1968. The musical is set in 1959; consequently the character Lorenzo St. Dubois (LSD), a hippie who played Hitler, was omitted from the 2001 musical. In the original film, Max and Leo seek to procure $1,000,000; in the musical it has become $2,000,000.
620	Carmen was in 102 episodes before she was replaced by Aimee Garcia, who played her rich cousin Veronica Palmero. This was done due to conflicts in real life with Lusha and Lopez. Due to this, Lusha was written out of the series.
621	Trivia. 1  Carmen was in 102 episodes before she was replaced by Aimee Garcia, who played her rich cousin Veronica Palmero. This was done due to conflicts in real life with Lusha and Lopez. 2  Carmen has been seen pregnant only once in the episode George Searches for a Needle in a Haight-Stack during the opening dream sequence.
622	The handsome Belgian Malinois who plays the title character in Max (with the help of a few trusty stunt doubles) is an action star par excellence. He’s also the only involving character in this blunt instrument of a family drama.
623	Meet the dog star who plays heroic 'Max'. A boy adopts his dead brother's military service dog. Despite some initial hiccups, the two bond and work together to figure out what caused the fallen Marine's death. Five Belgian Malinois dogs were required to shoot the canine adventure Max. But only one dog had the chops to take the lead role: a 3-year-old rebellious spirit named Carlos. Director Boaz Yakin says it was crucial to find a star pooch to headline the film (in theaters June 26).
624	Meet the dog star who plays heroic 'Max'. Five Belgian Malinois dogs were used to film the family adventure 'Max,' but Carlos had true star quality.
625	The Producers is a musical adapted by Mel Brooks and Thomas Meehan from Brooks' 1968 film of the same name, with lyrics written by Brooks and music composed by Brooks and arranged by Glen Kelly and Doug Besterman.
626	Carmen Consuelo Lopez is the first child and only daughter of George and Angie Lopez. Her current age would be 29 years of age. Carmen was born to George Lopez and Angie Lopez. Later accounts from both of her parents stated their daughter was a joy to have around their home.
627	Max’s post-traumatic stress makes him unable to work with anyone else after his Marine handler, Kyle Wincott (Robbie Amell), is killed in Afghanistan. The sight of Max running to Kyle’s coffin is wrenching. Read more Summer Movie Guide: Sequels...
628	In 2009, the show played at the Walnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and at the Diablo Light Opera Company in California, starring Ginny Wehrmeister as Ulla, Ryan Drummond as Leo, and Marcus Klinger as Max.
629	You can find out what district you vote in by calling your local election commission. Their number should be listed in the newspaper, on the internet and in the phone book (both are under city government in my town).Their office should be located in your local courthouse. This is also usually listed in the newspaper.ating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: Try the website for Project Vote Smart, http://www.vote-smart.org You can enter your zip code and get lots of info about the candidates for office and what they stand for. Source(s): I use this site to get info about candidates in my home town.
630	District and Representative Information. Please enter your address below and click the Go button. Then select what district information you require. Your representative information will appear below, and the district will be outlined on the map.The find me link will automatically find your approximate location based on your internet service provider.hen select what district information you require. Your representative information will appear below, and the district will be outlined on the map. The find me link will automatically find your approximate location based on your internet service provider.
631	Rating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: Try the website for Project Vote Smart, http://www.vote-smart.org You can enter your zip code and get lots of info about the candidates for office and what they stand for. Source(s): I use this site to get info about candidates in my home town.ating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: Try the website for Project Vote Smart, http://www.vote-smart.org You can enter your zip code and get lots of info about the candidates for office and what they stand for. Source(s): I use this site to get info about candidates in my home town.
632	show more I found some sites a few months ago that showed me who was running for election in November where you would put in your zip code and it would give you a list of gubernatorial, congressional, state representative, state senate, and other candidates, but I can't find them anymore.how more I found some sites a few months ago that showed me who was running for election in November where you would put in your zip code and it would give you a list of gubernatorial, congressional, state representative, state senate, and other candidates, but I can't find them anymore.
633	The Election Law sets forth the form of this petition; §6-140 (state, county and town offices) and §15-108 (village offices). (3,303KB) Any registered voter who has not already signed a designating petition, and who is qualified to vote for an office, may sign an independent nominating petition for that office.oters may not sign a petition for more candidates than there are openings for an office. For example, if there is one council seat open, then the voter may only sign one petition for a candidate for that office. If there are 2 seats open, the voter may sign petitions for 2 candidates.
634	The First Congressional District of Washington was formed in 1909 when Washington was first broken into districts. Today it encompasses northeastern King County, eastern Snohomish County, Washington, eastern Skagit County, and most of rural Whatcom County. To the north, the 1st District borders Canada.icks did not face serious opposition in the 2008 election. The sixth district is now represented by Derek Kilmer of Port Angeles. Al Gore and John Kerry carried the district in 2000 and 2004 with 52% and 53% of the vote, respectively.
635	Best Answer: Check with the Board of Elections in your area, then check the news and numbersusa.com, nambla.com and other sources for a more rounded view on various topics of politics that interest you... Source(s): ShadowCat · 5 years ago.how more I found some sites a few months ago that showed me who was running for election in November where you would put in your zip code and it would give you a list of gubernatorial, congressional, state representative, state senate, and other candidates, but I can't find them anymore.
636	Disclaimer: All statements and videos are posted directly by the candidate, unedited by the League of Women Voters and do not express the views of the League.The League never supports or opposes candidates or political parties.isclaimer: All statements and videos are posted directly by the candidate, unedited by the League of Women Voters and do not express the views of the League.
637	For the 2010 film, see The Precinct. A precinct is a space enclosed by the walls or other boundaries of a particular place or building, or by an arbitrary and imaginary line drawn around it.The term is often used to refer to a division of a police department in a large city (either to the neighborhood patrolled or to the police station itself).ach precinct has a specific location where its residents go to vote. Sometimes several precincts will use the same polling station. A 2004 survey by the United States Election Assistance Commission reported an average precinct size in the United States of approximately 1,100 registered voters.
638	Get ready to vote: Learn about candidates, find out when & where to vote. Note: Include street type with street name for better results. Common street types are Avenue, Street, Road and Place. Include geographic identifiers (North, South, East, or West) when they are part of the street name.et ready to vote: Learn about candidates, find out when & where to vote. Note: Include street type with street name for better results. Common street types are Avenue, Street, Road and Place. Include geographic identifiers (North, South, East, or West) when they are part of the street name.
639	High BMI can Increase Risk for Flu Complications Adults with severe obesity are more likely to develop complications from the flu. New Adult Obesity Maps Obesity remains high, varies by state, and affects some groups more than others. Adult Obesity Facts Obesity is common, serious and costly. Learn more... Community Efforts Learn what early childhood care, hospitals, schools, and food service are doing.
640	Why Childhood Obesity Now? There is no single reason for the rise in childhood overweight, but there are a number of contributing factors: Television and Media. Screen time is a major factor contributing to childhood obesity. It takes away from the time children spend being physically active, leads to increased snacking in front of the TV, and influences children with advertisements for unhealthy foods.
641	CDC’s Obesity efforts focus on policy and environmental strategies to make healthy eating and active living accessible and affordable for everyone. data & statistics Latest statistics on U.S. obesity, maps , interactive databases and data systems
642	Consequences of Childhood Obesity Obese and overweight children are at risk for a number of serious health problems such as: Diabetes: Type 2 diabetes was once called adult-onset diabetes.
643	First Study of Its Size Shows Early Weight Gain in Pregnancy Correlates with Childhood Obesity. CLOSING FRIDAY: 2017 TOS Fellowship Applications TOS eNews for August 16. NOW OPEN - TOS 2017 Council and Nominating Committees Elections TOS eNews for August 23. Read the latest obesity research.
644	Overweight & Obesity Recommend on Facebook Tweet Share Compartir Only 1 in 10 Adults Get Enough Fruits and Vegetables New MMWR shows that few adults meet recommendations
645	Improvement in Childhood Obesity among Children in WIC34 WIC state agencies report drop in obesity among 2-4 year olds. (https://www.cdc.gov/obesity/childhood/wic.html) Early Care and Education State Indicator Report, 2016First-ever report highlights state efforts to address childhood obesity in ECE setting.
646	Obesity is a complex disorder involving an excessive amount of body fat. Obesity isn't just a cosmetic concern. It increases your risk of diseases and health problems, such as heart disease, diabetes and high blood pressure.
647	CDC’s Obesity efforts focus on policy and environmental strategies to make healthy eating and active living accessible and affordable for everyone. Healthy Weight(https://www.cdc.gov/healthyweight/index.html) Staying in control of your weight contributes to good health now and as you age.
648	Consequences of Childhood Obesity. Obese and overweight children are at risk for a number of serious health problems such as: Diabetes: Type 2 diabetes was once called adult-onset diabetes. Now with the rise in childhood obesity, there is a dramatic rise in the number of children suffering from type 2 diabetes. Untreated, this can be a life-threatening condition. Asthma: Extra weight can make it harder to breathe and can inflame the respiratory tract.
649	Lake City, Seattle. Lake City is the northeast region of Seattle, centered along Lake City Way NE (SR-522), 7–8 miles (11–13 km) northeast of downtown. A broader definition of the Lake City area includes all the land between 15th Avenue NE and Lake Washington, and between NE 95th and 98th streets to the Seattle city limits at NE 145th Street.
650	The Bonneville Salt Flats are found west of the Great Salt Lake, in western Utah. They cover a large area and have a very unique environment. The flats can easily be seen as you drive I-80 between Salt Lake City and Wendover, NV. The famous Bonneville Speedway is located in the western portion of the flats, near Wendover. It is perfectly flat and has a thick crust of salty soil.
651	Lake City is the only town in Hinsdale County. Hinsdale County is made up of 96% public lands. That means that we have the fewest miles of roads per person, plus the most land area located far from roads, making Hinsdale County the most remote county in the lower 48.
652	Sponsored Topics. Lake City is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 836. Known as the Christmas Tree Capital, it is the county seat of Missaukee County. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 1.1 square miles (2.8 km²), all land.
653	Lake City. Lake City, in central north Florida’s Columbia County, originally was a Seminole village named Alpata Telophka. Conveniently located between Jacksonville and Tallahassee and near the intersection of I-10 and I-75, Lake City and its natural beauty and outdoor activities attract many visitors. Don't miss the Olustee Battlefield and Museum, about 13 miles east of Lake City.
654	Locations farthest away from Salt Lake City. 1  Amsterdam Island, French Southern Territories, 11,894 mi. 2  Port-aux-Francais, French Southern Territories, 11,829 mi. 3  Île de la Possession, Crozet Islands, French Southern Territories, 11,532 mi.  Port Mathurin (Rodrigues), Mauritius, 10,952 1  mi. Saint-Pierre, Réunion (French), 10,903  mi.
655	Park City is a unique combination of easy access and remote appeal. At times you feel like you're hundreds of miles from the civilized world yet you're just 35 easy miles from the Salt Lake City International Airport. Park City's turn-of-the-century character, as established by silver miners of old, is alive and well.
656	Why We Are Unique. 1  Lake City is the only town in Hinsdale County. 2  Hinsdale County is made up of 96% public lands. That means that we have the fewest miles of roads per person, plus the most land area located far from roads, making Hinsdale County the most remote county in the lower 48.
657	Why We Are Unique. 1  Lake City is the only town in Hinsdale County. 2  Hinsdale County is made up of 96% public lands. 3  Hinsdale County is made up of 4 wilderness areas and 2 wilderness study areas.
658	Lake City. Lake City is the northeast region of Seattle, centered along Lake City Way NE (SR-522), 7–8 miles (11–13 km) northeast of downtown. A broader definition of the Lake City area includes all the land between 15th Avenue NE and Lake Washington, and between NE 95th and 98th streets to the Seattle city limits at NE 145th Street.
659	This article is about the reputed angelic language recorded in the journals of John Dee. For Dee's overall system of angel magic, see Enochian magic. For other examples of divine or angelic languages, see Divine language.Enochian is a name often applied to an occult or angelic language recorded in the private journals of John Dee and his colleague Edward Kelley in late 16th-century England.Kelley was a spirit medium who worked with Dee in his magical investigations.he language is integral to the practice of Enochian magic. The language found in Dee and Kelley's journals encompasses a limited textual corpus, only some of it with English translations. Several linguists, notably Donald Laycock, have studied Enochian, and argue against any extraordinary features in the language.
660	Enochian Enochian is a name often applied to an occult or angelic language recorded in the private journals of Dr John Dee and his seer Edward Kelley in the late 16th century.The men claimed that it was revealed to them by angels, while some contemporary scholars of magic consider it a constructed language.nochian sigils are powerful glyphs. They can be used to bind demons, protect an area from angelic and demonic interference, and conceal humans from every angel in creation.. The Whore of Babylon uses what appears to be an Enochian spell to harm Castiel.
661	The term Enochian comes from Dee's assertion that the Biblical Patriarch Enoch had been the last human (before Dee and Kelley) to know the language. Dee's Angelic language According to Tobias Churton in his text The Golden Builders, the concept of an Angelic or antediluvian language was common during Dee's time.he language is integral to the practice of Enochian magic. The language found in Dee and Kelley's journals encompasses a limited textual corpus, only some of it with English translations. Several linguists, notably Donald Laycock, have studied Enochian, and argue against any extraordinary features in the language.
662	Enochian sigils carved into Sam and Dean 's ribs. Enochian sigils belong to a type of magic that originated from the enochian language. Both demons and angels have knowledge of the sigils, although the use originated from the latter.This branch of magic is heavily reliant on use of runes derived from the eponymous language of the angels.nochian sigils carved into Sam and Dean 's ribs. Enochian sigils belong to a type of magic that originated from the enochian language. Both demons and angels have knowledge of the sigils, although the use originated from the latter.
663	The Language of the Angels. The enochian calls were written in a strange idiom. Some linguists attempted to proof that this language is an artificial construct by John Dee or Edward Kelley.ccording to the angels that spoke during the sessions, the language that appears throughout the enochian calls is the one that was used by the angels that transferred Enoch into heaven. The name of the language and the whole system was named after Enoch.
664	Nokian Tyres plc (Finnish: Nokian Renkaat Oyj), headquartered in Nokia, Finland, produces tyres for cars, trucks, buses, and heavy-duty equipment.Known for its winter tyres, Nokian operates the only permanent winter tyre testing facility in the world.okian Tyres (which had manufactured tyres under the Nokia brand; Nokian is the genitive) was split from the Nokia Corporation when Nokian Tyres Limited was created in 1988 as a joint venture company.
665	The language is integral to the practice of Enochian magic. The language found in Dee and Kelley's journals encompasses a limited textual corpus, only some of it with English translations. Several linguists, notably Donald Laycock, have studied Enochian, and argue against any extraordinary features in the language.he language is integral to the practice of Enochian magic. The language found in Dee and Kelley's journals encompasses a limited textual corpus, only some of it with English translations. Several linguists, notably Donald Laycock, have studied Enochian, and argue against any extraordinary features in the language.
666	So the angelic language, the angels utilized in the enochian calls, cannot be the angelic language, but only one kind of it, transformed into a linear timeflow. So it is of high importance that you actually evoke these images, emotions or thought-patterns during uttering the angelic language, called enochian.ccording to the angels that spoke during the sessions, the language that appears throughout the enochian calls is the one that was used by the angels that transferred Enoch into heaven. The name of the language and the whole system was named after Enoch.
667	In order to explain Enochian sigils we must first discuss Enochian as it is understand, as a language. Enochian is a language which has been said for hundreds of years to be the language which unites mankind with the Angels in heaven.he sigils which are associated with Enochian are the symbols in the alphabet themselves for which the Enochians owe their success. Enoch is a Biblical Patriarch so to speak who, according to lore was a very righteous man.
668	Enochian alphabet. The Enochian alphabet first appeared during the 16th century. The Court Astrologer and Magician, Dr. John Dee (1527-1608), and his associate, Sir Edward Kelly (1555-1597) claimed that the alphabet and the Enochian language was transmitted to them by angels.nochian alphabet. The Enochian alphabet first appeared during the 16th century. The Court Astrologer and Magician, Dr. John Dee (1527-1608), and his associate, Sir Edward Kelly (1555-1597) claimed that the alphabet and the Enochian language was transmitted to them by angels.
669	You're responsible for the appraiser's fee: Paying for the appraiser falls in the shoulders of the home buyer. For most loans, a typical property appraisal takes a few hours or less and costs around $300 or $400.
670	What is a house appraisal? A house appraisal is an estimate of a property's value. Mortgage lenders require an appraisal on your home before they’ll provide a loan for the simple reason that the property is the underlying asset that serves as collateral for the loan.
671	Appraisers have complained for years about the size of the cut appraisal management companies pay themselves. The action by the Louisiana board is the first disciplinary action taken by a state agency on the issue of fees and is likely to be closely watched by the industry.
672	After dealing with financing and a home inspection, the next step is an appraisal. But what is a home appraisal, and what can you expect during the process? After dealing with financing and a home inspection, the next step is an appraisal.
673	I am shopping around for a mortgage. Plugged in some numbers at Capital One. The program spit some numbers back at me. I noticed there is an Appraisal Fee AND an Appraisal Management Fee. What the heck is an Appraisal Management Fee???
674	Yes, its a junk fee. Some brokers and banks have figured out another way to add revenue to their origination fees. The appraisals today are ordered through an AMC (required) and usually the AMC gets their payment by taking a large portion of the fee that goes to the actual appriaser. Most lenders have an ownership interest in an AMC and naturally that is who they order the appraisal through.
675	dont pick a lender based on one small fee. it is a legit fee..... though some dont agree that the amt is necessary . if a lender doesnt show that fee on the hud..... then it is hidden in the price of the appraisal. some lenders do not seperate the fees onn the hud... we dont. we include it in the price of the appraisal. less confusing.
676	One way to do that is by hiring appraisal management companies, which hire the appraisers and set their fees, keeping a portion of the fees for themselves. Dodd-Frank requires the companies to pay appraisers fees that are considered customary and reasonable..
677	Re: Appraisal Management Fee??? The owners have decided to do owner financing...so I am going through the learning curve on this one. I have checked into owner financing before, but recently.
678	An appraisal management company has agreed to pay a $5,000 administrative fee and adopt a fee schedule after an investigation by the Louisiana Real Estate Appraisal Board found the company wasn't paying appraisers customary and reasonable fees as required under the federal Dodd-Frank financial services reform law, enacted in 2010.
679	The difference between libel and slander is simply whether the statements are written (libel) or spoken (slander). If a person suffers injury to his or her reputation as a result of another person's statements, he or she can sue under the theory of defamation.
680	Defamation, Libel and Slander. Not all torts result in bodily harm. Some cause harm to a person's reputation instead. Defamation is the general tort that encompasses statements that damage one's reputation. There are different forms of defamation, including libel and slander.
681	For other uses, see Libel (disambiguation) and Slander (disambiguation). Defamation—also calumny, vilification, and traducement—is the communication of a false statement that harms the reputation of an individual person, business, product, group, government, religion, or nation.
682	Libel, on the other hand, is the written publication of a defamatory remark that has the tendency to injure another's reputation or character. Libel also includes a publication on radio, audio or video.
683	Defamation Law Made Simple. Learn the basics of slander and libel -- the rules about who can say what without getting into legal hot water. Defamation is a catch-all term for any statement that hurts someone's reputation. Defamation is not a crime, but it is a tort (a civil wrong, rather than a criminal wrong).
684	Under common law, to constitute defamation, a claim must generally be false and must have been made to someone other than the person defamed. Some common law jurisdictions also distinguish between spoken defamation, called slander, and defamation in other media such as printed words or images, called libel. False light laws protect against statements which are not technically false, but which are misleading.
685	No, for an action in libel to be upheld, the publisher of a defamatory statement need not know that a statement is false or defamatory. The law concerns the intent of the publisher in communicating a defamatory statement and is not concerned with the knowledge of the publisher.
686	What is the difference between libel and slander? Libel and slander are both forms of defamation. Defamation is a common law tort, governed by state law, in which an individual makes a publication of a defamatory statement of and concerning the plaintiff that damages the reputation of the plaintiff. The distinction between slander and libel comes in the form of the publication. Slander involves the oral publication of a defamatory remark that is heard by another, which injures the subject's reputation or character. Slander can occur through the use of a hand gesture or verbal communication that is not recorded.
687	Defamation is a catch-all term for any statement that hurts someone's reputation. Written defamation is called libel, and spoken defamation is called slander.. Defamation is not a crime, but it is a tort (a civil wrong, rather than a criminal wrong). A person who has been defamed can sue the person who did the defaming.
688	Libel is defined as defamation by written or printed words, pictures, or in any form other than by spoken words or gestures. The law of libel originated in the 17th century in England. With the growth of publication came the growth of libel and development of the tort of libel.
689	A. A. A. Genital herpes is one of the most common sexually transmitted diseases in the U.S. It is caused by the herpes simplex virus (HSV). Most cases of genital herpes are caused by infection by the herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2).enital herpes virus is passed from one person to another through sexual contact. This happens even if the person with the virus doesn't have symptoms or signs of infection. Once the virus enters through the skin, it travels along nerve paths. It may become dormant (inactive) in the nerves and remain there indefinitely.
690	Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) is more often the cause of cold sores or fever blisters. But it can also be a cause of genital herpes. Most people with genital herpes don't know they have it. That's because in most people it produces either no symptoms or very mild ones.enital herpes virus is passed from one person to another through sexual contact. This happens even if the person with the virus doesn't have symptoms or signs of infection. Once the virus enters through the skin, it travels along nerve paths. It may become dormant (inactive) in the nerves and remain there indefinitely.
691	In this article. Herpes simplex viruses -- more commonly known as herpes -- are categorized into two types: herpes type 1 (HSV-1, or oral herpes) and herpes type 2 (HSV-2, or genital herpes). Most commonly, herpes type 1 causes sores around the mouth and lips (sometimes called fever blisters or cold sores).HSV-1 can cause genital herpes, but most cases of genital herpes are caused by herpes type 2. In HSV-2, the infected person may have sores around the genitals or rectum.erpes simplex type 1, which is transmitted through oral secretions or sores on the skin, can be spread through kissing or sharing objects such as toothbrushes or eating utensils. In general, a person can only get herpes type 2 infection during sexual contact with someone who has a genital HSV-2 infection.
692	Two types of herpes simplex virus infections can cause genital herpes: 1  HSV-1. 2  This is the type that usually causes cold sores or fever blisters around your mouth, though it can be spread to your genital area during oral sex. 3  Recurrences are much less frequent than they are with HSV-2 infection. This is the type that usually causes cold sores or fever blisters around your mouth, though it can be spread to your genital area during oral sex. 2  Recurrences are much less frequent than they are with HSV-2 infection. 3  HSV-2. 4  This is the type that commonly causes genital herpes.
693	Any of the following symptoms of a genital HSV infection can occur in a man or a woman: 1  Cracked, raw, or red areas around your genitals without pain, itching, or tingling.2  Itching or tingling around your genitals or your anal region. 3  Small blisters that break open and cause painful sores.ny of the following symptoms of a genital HSV infection can occur in a man or a woman: 1  Cracked, raw, or red areas around your genitals without pain, itching, or tingling.
694	HPV is a different virus than HIV and HSV (herpes). HPV is so common that nearly all sexually active men and women get it at some point in their lives. There are many different types of HPV.Some types can cause health problems including genital warts and cancers.PV is a different virus than HIV and HSV (herpes). HPV is so common that nearly all sexually active men and women get it at some point in their lives. There are many different types of HPV.
695	Most genital herpes is caused by infection of herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2). Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) is more often the cause of cold sores, but it can also be a cause of genital herpes.Once the virus enters through the skin, it travels along nerve paths.enital herpes is caused by the herpes simplex virus, or HSV. Genital herpes often affects the 20-24 year old age group, with around 30,000 new cases diagnosed in sexual health clinics in the UK each year.
696	Genital herpes is not the only condition that can produce these symptoms. Sometimes, HSV is mistaken for vaginal yeast infections, bacterial infections, or bladder infections. The only way to know whether they are the result of HSV or another condition is to be checked by a health care provider.ny of the following symptoms of a genital HSV infection can occur in a man or a woman: 1  Cracked, raw, or red areas around your genitals without pain, itching, or tingling.
697	Genital herpes virus is passed from one person to another through sexual contact. This happens even if the person with the virus doesn't have symptoms or signs of infection. Once the virus enters through the skin, it travels along nerve paths. It may become dormant (inactive) in the nerves and remain there indefinitely.enital herpes virus is passed from one person to another through sexual contact. This happens even if the person with the virus doesn't have symptoms or signs of infection. Once the virus enters through the skin, it travels along nerve paths. It may become dormant (inactive) in the nerves and remain there indefinitely.
698	Genital herpes can cause sores or breaks in the skin or lining of the mouth, vagina, and rectum. The genital sores caused by herpes can bleed easily. When the sores come into contact with the mouth, vagina, or rectum during sex, they increase the risk of giving or getting HIV if you or your partner has HIV.epeat outbreaks of genital herpes are common, especially during the first year after infection. Repeat outbreaks are usually shorter and less severe than the first outbreak. Although the infection can stay in the body for the rest of your life, the number of outbreaks tends to decrease over a period of years.
699	It seems to me, telekinesis is not possible for anyone! Telekinesis (also called psychokinesis, or PK), is the ability to move objects through mind power. Though many people believe in such psychic ability, scientific evidence for its existence remains still very elusive. The history of telekinesis is a history of frauds and fakery, both proven and suspected.
700	How to move things with your mind easily – your chance to learn! 1  Believe that it’s true. 2  Learn to concentrate. 3  Enhancing your brain function – train your mind to move objects. 4  The art of visualization is a major key to success.
701	How to move things with your mind for beginners. Moving things from one place to another or to change TV channels with the power of our brains? How many of you haven’t dreamed yourselves in such a situation? Think how good it would be if you had the ability to move things with your mind. Isn’t it? Well, this is no more a fiction. You can actually learn how to control things with your mind and move articles simply with your thinking. This is phenomenon is known Telekinesis or Psychokinesis. In this article, I will tell you what is this practice, and as a beginner, how you can develop this power.
702	The secret of making things move with your mind. Now let me tell you how to move objects with your mind step by step. Below are the things that you need to follow one after the other: Here is an telekinesis training about how to maneuver things with your thoughts – PSI Wheel
703	We all have this ability, but due to many centuries of religion oppression on the powers of the mind, this became an inactive part of the human brain. Through telekinesis you have to connect your halo with that of the object you want to move. The power of your halo will determine the success.
704	Here is an telekinesis training about how to maneuver things with your thoughts – PSI Wheel. 1  First of all, build a PSI Wheel from a piece of paper, which should look like a pyramid spinning freely on the top of a needle. 2  Sit very relaxed on a chair in front of a table. 3  Relax as much as you can. 4  Get rid of stress, free of any other thoughts.
705	People also view. 1  How can you feel better about something you did wrong. 2  What does it mean when you dream you can move things with your mind. 3  Why do humans think about thinking. 4  What is fear of dreamin (at night). 5  What are good techniques to meditate. 6  What does a nervous breakdown feel like.
706	The secret of making things move with your mind. 1  First of all, build a PSI Wheel from a piece of paper, which should look like a pyramid spinning freely on the top of a needle. 2  Sit very relaxed on a chair in front of a table. 3  Relax as much as you can. 4  Get rid of stress, free of any other thoughts.
707	How to move things with your mind for beginners, moving stuffs from a place to another or to change channels with your eyes, hands using power of your brain About Shifter Forum
708	So, the answer to your first question is No. Telekinesis is the power to move/control matter with only your mind. It’s when you show “mind over matter”, when you have control over atoms/sub-atomic particles/ objects in general. No-one really knows how it works. How does your brain move things you cant actually touch?
709	The Thermacell Mosquito Repellent appliance is an outdoor device used to repel mosquitos within a 15′ x 15′ area. I found it to be an effective tool when repelling mosquitoes. This handheld appliance is also lightweight, portable and easy to use.
710	The ThermaCELL appliance uses a butane cartridge to heat up a small mat that’s soaked in mosquito repellent. Don’t worry – there are no open flames so it’s safe to use around fabric and children. As the mat warms, the repellent is released into the air. Each appliance comes with one butane cartridge and three mats.
711	The above were sent to me to review. The Thermacell Mosquito Repellent shown in the center of the above photo is the basic kit. The Thermacell Holster with Clip, the All-Purpose Swivel Light, and the Mosquito Repellent Refills are all accessories that must be purchased separately.
712	ThermaCELL Mosquito Repellent: Product Review. If you’re a mosquito magnet like me, you’re always looking for ways to keep the pesky critters at bay. Choices mostly involve covering yourself in smelly sprays or lighting smoky and smelly coils or candles. The ThermaCELL “appliance” is neither of those.
713	ThermaCELL® Mosquito Repellent – Olive Drab Appliance. If citronella candles and other old-fashioned methods for keeping mosquitoes away just aren’t working for you, fire up the ThermaCELL Portable repellent and enjoy your next outing in bug-free peace.
714	The ThermaCELL Mosquito Repellent Appliance is effective at repelling mosquitoes within a 225 square foot area when there’s little air movement; great for use when sitting outside on a deck or patio. It’s less effective in breezy conditions or when you’re moving around outside of a 15’ by 15’ area.
715	What is the ThermaCELL Mosquito Repellant Appliance? “Appliance” is a strange name but it’s hard to come up with something better. It’s an 8” by 3” device that emits a repellant that keeps mosquitoes and black flies away. There’s no need to spray yourself and there’s hardly any odor.
716	Reason to use the Thermacell Mosquito Repellent. West Nile Virus: The West Nile virus is present here in Texas and is transmitted by mosquitoes (FYI, only female mosquitoes bite – they need at least one blood meal in order to develop their eggs).
717	The Thermacell Mosquito Repellent appliance is made almost entirely of hard plastic with the exception of the metal plate that is used to heat the repellent mat which volatilizes the insecticide. The front of the appliance contains an On/Off switch that releases or shuts off the butane.
718	Included with the Thermacell Mosquito Repellent is a repellent kit that includes three repellent mats and a butane cartridge. The repellent mat slides into the appliance from the side. It is a tight fit so that the mat will not slip out when carrying the appliance.
719	Then read the following BEFORE taking the ACCUPLACER:  Practice Algebra II WITHOUT a calculator!  Especially take time to review fractions, factoring, exponents, equations, and trig BEFORE the test.  Memorize formulas like quadratic formula, slope formula, slope-intercept formula, point-slope formula, and.
720	The COMPASS remote test registration number signifies that you have permission to take the. COMPASS for SSU at a remote test center. You must use this number when scheduling a test session. On the. day of testing you will use the “test registration number” to log into the electronic test that is set-up specifically.
721	ACCUPLACER Program Manual 11 © 2016 The College Board. To unlock the account, you must provide the answer to two of the security. questions selected when creating their new password. If the answers to the. security questions match the answers that were provided during the initial setup.
722	ACCUPLACER Program Manual 7 © 2016 The College Board. Both groups of fairness reviewers are charged with helping ensure that test. questions and stimuli are broadly accessible to the wide-ranging student. population that takes the exam, that the questions are clearly stated and.
723	Calculators may be used on the COMPASS Pre-Algebra, Algebra, College Algebra, Geometry, and Trigonometry tests provided they meet the requirements listed below. Electronic writing pads or pen-input devices—The Sharp EL 9600 is permitted. Models with paper tapes—The paper must be removed.
724	The COMPASS test is a self-adjusting, multiple choice test that is taken at the computer. The. answer to your current question will determine the next question; it will stop once it has determined. your level. Consequently the test is untimed and has a different number of questions for each. student.
725	The COMPASS placement test is offered in Reading, Writing, and Math. The test helps to. determine whether you have the knowledge to succeed in the classes you are planning to. take or whether taking some preparatory classes will ensure your success. Taking the three tests.
726	However, if you can follow the suggestions below, you may be able to place directly into Math 1314!!! Read on!! If you can wait 5 minutes BEFORE taking the mathematics ACCUPLACER, then read the next 2 pages. If you can wait 1 day BEFORE taking the mathematics ACCUPLACER, then read the next 3 pages.
727	The COMPASS (COMputer-adaptive Placement Assessment and Support Services) is. an admission/placement tool designed to measure your current skills in reading, writing and math (algebra). Throughout the test, the COMPASS program will adapt to your abilities. The questions will increase or decrease.
728	Then read below BEFORE taking a mathematics placement test!!!! If you place into Math 0306 th(approximately 7 and 8th grade math), you will pay about $900 to get to the credit-level. Math 1314 that is required for almost all Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree.
729	Sub Topics. 1  Groups of the Periodic Table. 2  Periodic Table Groups and Periods. 3  Periodic Table Groups Names. 4  Periodic Table Metals. 5  Transition Metals on Periodic Table. 6  Periodic Table Metals Nonmetals Metalloids. 7  Periodic Table Groups Properties. 1  Acid forming properties increases from left to right on the periodic table. 2  First ionization energies increase from left to right across the period. 3  The atomic radii of elements goes on decreasing from left to right in the periodic table.
730	Oxygen has an atomic number of 8 which means there are 8 protons in the nucleus and 8 electrons orbiting the nucleus. This balance keeps oxygen as a neutral element as you see it on the periodic table. The columns 1-18 are groups or families. These elements are grouped by commonalities.
731	The vertical columns in the periodic table are referred to as groups and the horizontal rows are referred to as periods. The number of groups in each block of the periodic table depends on the sub shell that is being filled. Periodic table is the framework of classification of elements.
732	In the periodic table of the elements, each numbered column is a group. In chemistry, a group (also known as a family) is a column of elements in the periodic table of the chemical elements. There are 18 numbered groups in the periodic table, and the f-block columns (between groups 3 and 4) are not numbered. The elements in a group have similar physical or chemical characteristics of the outermost electron shells of their atoms (i.e., the same core charge), as most chemical properties are dominated by the orbital location of the outermost electron.
733	Back to Top. 1  Acid forming properties increases from left to right on the periodic table. 2  First ionization energies increase from left to right across the period. 3  The atomic radii of elements goes on decreasing from left to right in the periodic table. 4  Base forming properties decreases on moving left to right in the periodic table.
734	Group (periodic table) In chemistry, a group (also known as a family) is a column of elements in the periodic table of the chemical elements. There are 18 numbered groups in the periodic table, and the f-block columns (between groups 3 and 4) are not numbered.
735	In chemistry, a group is a column of elements in the periodic table of the chemical elements. There are 18 numbered groups in the periodic table, and the f-block columns are not numbered. The elements in a group have similar physical or chemical characteristics of the outermost electron shells of their atoms, as most chemical properties are dominated by the orbital location of the outermost electron. There are three systems of group numbering. The modern numbering group 1 to group 18 is recommen
736	The periodic table consists of seven rows called periods, and 18 columns called groups or families. The properties of the elements within a period vary across the periodic table in predictable ways, while the elements within a group have similar properties.
737	Just asked! See more. 1  What is the arc length of f(x)=xex−4x2−x ... Answer. 11 minutes ago. 2  The wavelength of a photon and De broglie ... Answer. 11 minutes ago. 3  How do you find the antiderivative of ... Answer. 11 minutes ago. 4  What is the equation of the line tangent to # ... Answer. 13 minutes ago.
738	Vertical columns in the periodic table are called groups. The elements in a group show specific similarities. So many common features are known for the elements Group I (alkali metals), Group 7 (Halogens) and Group 0 (Noble gases). Vertical columns in the periodic table are called periods.
739	Answer by Thibaut Descartes. Gavrilo Princip assassinated the Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarejevo. Gavrilo Princip was a member of the Black Hand, a Serbian nationalist group. Gavrilo Princip assassinated the Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarejevo. Gavrilo Princip was a member of the Black Hand, a Serbian nationalist group.
740	On 28 June 1914, Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, and his wife, Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, were shot dead in Sarajevo, by Gavrilo Princip, one of a group of six Bosnian Serb assassins coordinated by Danilo Ilić.
741	REUTERS/JU Muzej Sarajevo (JU Sarajevo Museum)/Handout via Reuters. One hundred years ago today in Sarajevo, a Serb nationalist shot to death at point-blank range the Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the throne of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and his wife Sophie.
742	Best Answer: Though Gavrilo Princip killed Franz Ferdinand, he was just a pawn in a huge assasination plan by the Black Hand, a Serbian freedom fighter group, who hoped to eliminate the Archduke due to the fact that the Archduke planned to give concessions to the South Slavs, therefore making a unified Greater Serbia more difficult to obtain.
743	Gavrilo Princip, an assassin affiliated with the Serbian Black Hand terrorist organization killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand.
744	On the eve of the centennial, Bosnian Serbs unveiled a statue to Gavrilo Princip, the archduke's killer, who is considered a Serbian hero and freedom-fighter.
745	Indeed, in Europe and across the pond in the United States, many learning of the archduke's death were less concerned with the drumbeats of war than the question of Austrian succession. The Washington Post, for example, published this largely fluffy piece on the royal who became the heir presumptive:
746	The Shifting Legacy Of The Man Who Shot Franz Ferdinand. The Shifting Legacy Of The Man Who Shot Franz Ferdinand. Nineteen-year-old Bosnian Serb Gavrilo Princip fired the shots that killed the heir to the Austro-Hungarian empire, Archduke Franz Ferdinand, and his wife, Sophie, during a visit to Sarajevo on June 28, 1914. Depending on whom you ask, he's either a hero or a terrorist.
747	The Archduke was killed by a group called the Black Hand by a man called Gavrilo Princip, due to the fact that the Serbians wanted freedom and independence which they didn t get, which made the Serbians want revenge, forming the terrorist group, The Black Hand and successfully killing Franz Ferdinand and his 6 month pregnant wife, Sophie.
748	This plan included 2 other conspirators,Nedjelko Cabrinovic, and Trifko Grabez, though they obviously all failed in their assasination attempts. The original plan was that these 3 people would kill the Archduke while he was driving though the streets of Sarajevo on his way to visit the city hall. Nedjelko, who made the first attempt, threw a grenade at the Archduke's car, but it instead missed, rolled underneath another car in the motorcade, and exploded.
749	1 Dose is based on form and strength. 2  Carefully follow the label instructions for the maximum dose per day. 3  Children—Dose is based on weight or age. 4  Carefully follow the label instructions for the maximum dose per day. 5  Children 11 to 12 years of age: 320 to 480 mg every 4 to 6 hours as needed.
750	Even if your test results are different from the normal value, you may not have a problem. To learn what the results mean for you, talk with your health care provider. If your acetaminophen drug level test is high, it means you may be at greater risk for liver damage and need treatment. Your health care provider may repeat this test every 4 to 6 hours until you are out of danger.
751	A blood level of acetaminophen higher than 200 mcg/mL 4 hours after ingestion means there is risk for liver damage. If the test shows a level of 50 mcg/mL or greater 12 hours after you've taken the drug, there is still risk for liver damage. Overdose levels for children are based on age and weight.
752	The acetaminophen drug level is a blood test used to screen for the presence of the common pain reliever acetaminophen. (Tylenol and paracetamol are among several other names for the same medicine.). This over-the-counter (OTC) medicine is used to treat pain and reduce fever.
753	For patients using the oral liquid with dropper: 1  Shake the bottle well before each use. 2  Measure the dose with the provided dropper. 3  Remove the cap, insert the dropper and withdraw the dose prescribed by your doctor. 4  Slowly give the medicine into your child's mouth (towards the inner cheek). 5  Replace the cap back tightly.
754	15 mg to 60 mg. 360 mg. Acetaminophen. 300 mg to 1000 mg. 4000 mg. Doses may be repeated up to every 4 hours. The prescriber must determine the number of tablets per dose, and the maximum number of tablets per 24 hours, based upon the above dosage guidance. This information should be conveyed in the prescription.
755	If treatment is received within 8 hours of the overdose, however, there is a very good chance of recovery. For children who have taken acetaminophen in liquid form, a treatment decision may be made as soon as 2 hours after ingestion since the drug is absorbed more rapidly in this form. ^ Back to top.
756	The test for acetaminophen is used to measure the level of drug in the blood in order to establish a diagnosis of overdosage, to assess the risk of liver damage, and to help decide on the need for treatment. Prompt diagnosis and treatment are important for a positive outcome.
757	1 Shake the bottle well before each use. 2  Measure the dose with the provided dropper. 3  Do not use any other syringe, dropper, spoon, or dosing device when giving this medicine to your child. 4  Remove the cap, insert the dropper and withdraw the dose prescribed by your doctor.
758	It is not safe to use more than 4 grams (4,000 milligrams) of acetaminophen in one day (24 hours), as this may increase the risk for serious liver problems. For Tylenol® Extra Strength, the maximum dose is 3,000 milligrams per 24 hours. You may take this medicine with or without food.
759	The Manteca population density is 3,981.08 people per square mile, which is much higher than the state average density of 232.55 people per square mile and is much higher than the national average density of 82.73 people per square mile.
760	Manteca, California Add Favorite 8 Reviews | Review This Place. 1  Profile: Small port/Industrial city. 2  Time zone: Pacific Standard Time. 3  Elevation: 22. 4  Real Estate: For Sale For Rent. 5  Schools: See Local Schools. 6  City: Manteca. 7  Zip Codes: 95336, 95337, ... 2 total.
761	This chart shows the employment and labor force participation rates in . Manteca Ca for residents over 16 years of age. The 2015 unemployment rate is 9.4% and the labor force participation rate is 64.1 %.
762	Coffee with the Staff (Senior Center) 8:30-9:30 am - Wednesday, September 06, 2017. Second Wednesday of Every Month, 8:30-9:30 am. This is a free event. You are invited to have coffee with City staff. This event gives seniors the opportunity to ask questions and have general conversation with City staff.
763	Most / Least Educated Cities in CA. As of 2010-2014, the total population of Manteca is 70,693, which is 43.52% more than it was in 2000. The population growth rate is much higher than the state average rate of 12.39% and is much higher than the national average rate of 11.61%.
764	According to our research of California and other state lists there were 121 registered sex offenders living in Manteca, California as of February 15, 2018. The ratio of number of residents in Manteca to the number of sex offenders is 587 to 1. Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units with mortgages in 2016: $3,301 (0.9%)
765	Comparing Population Change to the United States average of 2.5%, Manteca is approximately 3.1 times bigger. Also, compared to the state of California, Population Change of 3.1%, Manteca is approximately 2.5 times bigger. Looking at population density in Figure 5 Manteca indicates it has 3,516 population density which is the highest of all placesin the area.
766	Unmarried population in Manteca under 18 years old in homes ; Total Population: 19,394; Unmarried partner of home lead present: 2,004; In family homes: 1,929; Population of male led and male partner homes: 48; Population of male led and female partner households: 986; Population of female led and female partner households: 48
767	The Economic Census is the U.S. government's official five-year measure of American business and the economy. Basic enumerations of population, housing units, group quarters and transitory locations conducted by the Census Bureau at the request of a governmental unit.
768	Manteca California 's estimated population is 76,908. according to the most recent United States census.
769	Guide. Your pulse is the rate at which your heart beats. Your pulse is usually called your heart rate, which is the number of times your heart beats each minute (bpm). But the rhythm and strength of the heartbeat can also be noted, as well as whether the blood vessel feels hard or soft.
770	Bring your music to life with glowing, multi-coloured visuals and transform wherever you are into a party. Take full control of your Pulse 2 light show using JBL Prism color sensor lens. Just point and shoot the lens at the color you want, and watch the Pulse 2 amplify the colors of life.
771	1 See how well the heart is working. 2  In an emergency situation, your pulse rate can help find out if the heart is pumping enough blood. 3  Help find the cause of symptoms, such as an irregular or rapid heartbeat (palpitations), dizziness, fainting, chest pain, or shortness of breath.
772	Taking a pulse not only measures the heart rate, but also can indicate the following: Heart rhythm. Strength of the pulse. The normal pulse for healthy adults ranges from 60 to 100 beats per minute. The pulse rate may fluctuate and increase with exercise, illness, injury, and emotions. Females ages 12 and older, in general, tend to have faster heart rates than do males.
773	Blood pressure, measured with a blood pressure cuff and stethoscope by a nurse or other health care provider, is the force of the blood pushing against the artery walls. Each time the heart beats, it pumps blood into the arteries, resulting in the highest blood pressure as the heart contracts. One cannot take his or her own blood pressure unless an electronic blood pressure monitoring device is used. Electronic blood pressure monitors may also measure the heart rate, or pulse.
774	JBL Connect. Build your own ecosystem by connecting multiple JBL Connect enabled speakers together to amplify the listening experience. Elevate your music experience to another dimension with the JBL Pulse 2, a portable Bluetooth speaker that offers sensational sound with an interactive light show.
775	Pulse 2 also features a noise and echo cancelling speakerphone for crystal clear calls, and JBL Connect technology that can wirelessly link multiple JBL Connect enabled speakers together to amplify the listening experience.
776	If your pulse has not returned to its morning resting rate one hour later, you are still having an allergic reaction to the food you ate previously and cannot get a decent result on another food until either your pulse slows again or until the next morning.
777	Why It Is Done. Your pulse is checked to: 1  See how well the heart is working. 2  In an emergency situation, your pulse rate can help find out if the heart is pumping enough blood. 3  Help find the cause of symptoms, such as an irregular or rapid heartbeat (palpitations), dizziness, fainting, chest pain, or shortness of breath.
778	The pulse rate is a measurement of the heart rate, or the number of times the heart beats per minute. As the heart pushes blood through the arteries, the arteries expand and contract with the flow of the blood.
779	A form of health insurance against loss by accidental bodily injury. Injury to the body as the result of an accident. A benefit in addition to the face amount of a life insurance policy, payable if the insured dies as the result of an accident. Sometimes referred to as double indemnity.
780	Life insurance which permits changes in the face amount, premium amount, period of protection, and the duration of the premium payment period. A representative of an insurance company who investigates and acts on the behalf of the company to obtain agreements for the amount of the insurance claim.
781	A financial interest in the life of another person; a possibility of losing something of value if the insured should die. In life and health insurance, insurable interest must be stated at the time of policy issue.
782	Let’s discuss the definition https://tr.im/GetFreeInsuranceQu... of each item and then we can review the differences. An insurance agency, sometimes called an insurance brokerage or independent agency, solicits, writes and binds policies through many different insurance companies.
783	Our glossary is divided alphabetically by insurance term in a quick reference guide to assist understanding the language commonly used by insurance companies. Policy documents contain a number of these terms because they typically define the limitations of risk and liability on the insured and any exclusions of coverage.
784	Insurance is a means of protection from financial loss. It is a form of risk management primarily used to hedge against the risk of a contingent, uncertain loss. An entity which provides insurance is known as an insurer, insurance company, or insurance carrier.
785	a the act, system, or business of providing financial protection for property, life, health, etc., against specified contingencies, such as death, loss, or damage, and involving payment of regular premiums in return for a policy guaranteeing such protection. b the state of having such protection. c (Also called) insurance policy the policy providing such protection. d the pecuniary amount of such protection. e the premium payable in return for such protection.
786	Life insurance which permits changes in the face amount, premium amount, period of protection, and the duration of the premium payment period. Adjuster. A representative of an insurance company who investigates and acts on the behalf of the company to obtain agreements for the amount of the insurance claim.
787	Health and Life Insurance. The OPM website is the best resource for detailed insurance information. Visit OPM to explore the great benefits available to federal employees. NGA employees also benefit from other supplemental insurance options available to the Intelligence Community. The Federal Employees Health Benefits Program offers a wide variety of plans and coverage to help you meet your health care needs.
788	Let’s discuss the definition of each item and then we can review the differences. An insurance agency, sometimes called an insurance brokerage or independent agency, solicits, writes and binds policies through many different insurance companies. They are not directly employed by any one insurance carrier.
789	Florida beach once again named best beach in the U.S. The best beach in the U.S. is in Florida once again, according to the annual TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards. Say hello to your new No. 1 Clearwater Beach.
790	Clearwater Beach named best beach in the U.S. by TripAdvisor. Florida is home to the No. 1 beach in the U.S. according to the annual TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards. Say hello to your new No. 1 Clearwater Beach. Florida is home to the No. 1 beach in the U.S. according to the annual TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards.
791	Top 25 Beaches in United States. The first beach on our best beaches in the USA list is Bahia Honda state located near Big Pine Key in the Florida Keys. This park has several white sandy beaches for you to enjoy. Calusa, the smallest beach, is located on the northwest side of the island.
792	1. Bahia Honda State Park, Florida. The first beach on our best beaches in the USA list is Bahia Honda state located near Big Pine Key in the Florida Keys. This park has several white sandy beaches for you to enjoy. Calusa, the smallest beach, is located on the northwest side of the island.
793	1 The Amazon.com Gift Card will be delivered via email by TripAdvisor after your review is published and TripAdvisor has confirmed your stay.  Only bookings made via “Book on TripAdvisor” on TripAdvisor.com are eligible. You must make your booking with a valid US address in order to be eligible for the offer.
794	1 Be sure to book by 9/5/16. Only bookings valued at $200 (before taxes and fees) or more will be eligible.  The hotel stay and review must be completed by 10/15/2016. The Amazon.com Gift Card will be delivered via email by TripAdvisor after your review is published and TripAdvisor has confirmed your stay.
795	1 The hotel stay and review must be completed by 10/15/2016. The Amazon.com Gift Card will be delivered via email by TripAdvisor after your review is published and TripAdvisor has confirmed your stay.  Only bookings made via “Book on TripAdvisor” on TripAdvisor.com are eligible.
796	20 Most Beautiful Beaches in America. <p>Beaches are beautiful by nature, and America has plenty—so it takes a special shore to be considered one of the country’s finest. From Hawaii’s fabled coves to the fairytale fishing towns of New England, breathtaking beaches carpet America’s coasts. These swaths of sand never bore, whether it’s Florida’s year-round raucous shores or the constantly changing landscape of the mid-Atlantic capes.
797	Best Beaches in the United States - Travelers' Choice Awards. Top 25 Beaches — United States. “The sugar fine white sand is a trademark of this fabulous beach. Perfect for a day in the sun.
798	Higher marks went to the Gulf Coast beaches of Florida with only St. Augustine and Fort Lauderdale getting props for Florida's East Coast. Clearwater Beach was named the top beach in the U.S. for 2016 in the TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards.
799	Reasonable answers to this most perplexing of history's puzzles—and there have been hundreds of answers advanced—begin with understanding the complex nature of late Rome and the barbarian invasions in which the Roman Empire ultimately drowned.
800	Likewise, the climate and ecology of the time cannot be adduced as the reason for something so earth-shattering as the Fall of Rome. Nor do any of the other two hundred or so entries cited make the cut in history's time trials, meaning that no one answer has as yet won the day for why the Romans lost.
801	Select a Time Period: The Roman Empire began to slowly decline in the 3rd century AD, one of the main causes of Rome's early decline was a series of plagues, most notably the Plague of Cyprian, which decimated the population of the Empire, making it harder for Roman Emperors to levy armies and raise taxes.
802	Even if the Romans of Rome still held the title to the Empire and affected superiority over the barbarians managing their domain, Roman possession of the lands around the Mediterranean Sea was, for the most part, only on paper.
803	The Roman Empire was among the most powerful economic, cultural, political and military forces in the world of its time. It was one of the largest empires in world history. At its height under Trajan, it covered 5 million square kilometres, a territory composed of 48 nations in the 21st century.
804	I. Introduction: Rome Before the Fall [click here for a brief overview of Roman history] After nearly half a millennium of rule, the Romans finally lost their grip on Europe in the fifth century (the 400's CE).
805	The imperial successor to the republic lasted approximately 1,500 years. The first two centuries of the empire's existence were a period of unprecedented political stability and prosperity known as the Pax Romana, or Roman Peace. Following Octavian's victory, the size of the empire was dramatically increased.
806	Despite the travails of their Western counterparts, the Eastern emperors—by then, there were two Roman emperors, one in Rome and one in Constantinople—continued to demand that the entire Empire pay taxes into a common treasury.
807	The city of Rome was the largest city in the world c. 100 BC – c. 400 AD, with Constantinople (New Rome) becoming the largest around 500 AD, and the Empire's populace grew to an estimated 50 to 90 million inhabitants (roughly 20% of the world's population at the time).
808	Español Français Português ελληνικά العربية. The Roman Empire began to slowly decline in the 3rd century AD, one of the main causes of Rome's early decline was a series of plagues, most notably the Plague of Cyprian, which decimated the population of the Empire, making it harder for Roman Emperors to levy armies and raise taxes.
809	The ratio of number of residents in Lodi to the number of sex offenders is 63,301 to 1. The number of registered sex offenders compared to the number of residents in this city is near the state average. Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units with mortgages in 2015: $2,290 (0.8%)
810	Lodi-area historical earthquake activity is near California state average. It is 777% greater than the overall U.S. average. On 4/18/1906 at 13:12:21, a magnitude 7.9 (7.9 UK, Class: Major, Intensity: VIII - XII) earthquake occurred 94.0 miles away from the city center, causing $524,000,000 total damage.
811	Current Lodi, California Population, Demographics and stats in 2016, 2017.
812	What Bert Has To Say About Stockton-Lodi Metro Area. Stockton, an inland port at the end of a ship channel accessing the San Francisco Bay, is a somewhat gritty Central California transportation, distribution and agricultural center.
813	Lodi, California. Lodi /ˈloʊ.daɪ/ LOH-dy is a city located in San Joaquin County, California, in the northern portion of California's Central Valley. The population was 62,134 at the 2010 census. Its estimated population as of July 1, 2013 was 63,338.
814	Lodi, CA Population and Races. As of 2010-2014, the total population of Lodi is 63,158, which is 10.81% more than it was in 2000. The population growth rate is lower than the state average rate of 12.39% and is lower than the national average rate of 11.61%.
815	Most / Least Educated Cities in CA. As of 2010-2014, the total population of Lodi is 63,158, which is 10.81% more than it was in 2000. The population growth rate is lower than the state average rate of 12.39% and is lower than the national average rate of 11.61%.
816	Sponsored Topics. Lodi ( /loʊdaɪ/) is a city located in San Joaquin County, California, in the northern portion of California's Central Valley. The population was 62,134 at the 2010 census. The California Department of Finance's population estimate as of January 1, 2011 is 62,473.
817	Stockton is on the southeast corner of the broad delta formed by the confluence of the San Joaquin and Sacramento rivers. The surrounding terrain is flat, irrigated farm and orchard land near sea level. The Sierra Nevada foothills rise about 25 miles to the east and northeast.
818	The ratio of number of residents in Lodi to the number of sex offenders is 63,301 to 1. The number of registered sex offenders compared to the number of residents in this city is near the state average. Nearest city with pop. 200,000+: Stockton, CA (10.6 miles , pop. 243,771).
819	There have been many innovations in the shapes of tea bags over the years. The earliest tea bags were sack-like in shape. Later, tea bags became flat and rectangular. In the 1950s, Lipton invented the multi-dimensional Flo-Thru tea bag, which gave leaves more room to open.
820	Oolong, a Chinese name for “black dragon,” is a light, floral tea that, like green tea, is also packed with catechins, which help to promote weight loss by boosting your body’s ability to metabolise lipids (fat).
821	One part of the documentary covered Lipton tea and how it's made from many blends of tea. Up to 40 different kinds of black tea. So your lipton tea is basically a blend to get that lipton taste, so you never know where it's from or what kind of black tea it is. A tea taster would sip different teas and give them a number, then they would blend them according to these numbers to get that familiar taste.
822	I've been drinking Lipton Diet Green Tea Citrus for several years. I purchased a 12 pack of bottles at Walmart on Oct 7th of this year. The first bottle I only drank half of because it hardly had any taste and no sweetness at all. I also noticed that it had some brown sediment in the bottom of the bottle.
823	Hey, I heard that lipton tea is the best, but I want to know which flavor is the best,. Thanks. If you're limited to Lipton, I would say go for the pyramid style bags if you can find them. The bedtime story blend is actually pretty decent. If you're limited to tea bags, my advice would be to go for a loose leaf tea and just purchase a reusable tea bag to place the loose leaf tea in.
824	It will even be called a Lipton like people may say a Nescafé (instead of a cup of coffee). Now this is my experience from living in the Middle East (Arabian Gulf) where the majority population is migrant South Asian. I'm sure there is variety in tea habits on the actual subcontinent.
825	Tea is not as fresh as it used to be before new packaging. The tea labels disintegrate when I drop the bags in hot water. After 30 years of being a Lipton tea lover, I am ready to hunt a better tea. I always have bought the 100 single bag count regular brew.
826	After 50 years of drinking Lipton tea every day (in recent years from tea bags in the 100 box), I am abandoning this product. Life is too short to drink bad tea, and Lipton is no longer of good quality on a consistent basis. Frequently now it is just not even drinkable.
827	5 Best Teas for Weight Loss. A steaming cup of tea is the perfect drink for soothing a sore throat, warming up on a cold winter’s night, or binge-watching Downton Abbey. But certain teas are also perfect for doing something else—helping you lose extra weight.
828	Each of these 5 Best Teas for Weight Loss has its own individual, magic properties, from dimming your hunger hormones to upping your calorie burn to—literally—melting the fat that’s stored in your fat cells. Oh, and they can also help reduce your risk of heart disease and diabetes, too.
829	The IPGSM-4G's single path communications solution allows. one technology to be used (Either IP or cellular) to provide the. appropriate connectivity to a central station. For added reliabil-. ity, our exclusive dual path solution allows both technologies. (IP and cellular) to be used together for maximum survivability.
830	Set up values for REC01, REC02, and REC03 in UDC table 09/21. Use the Review and Revise Accounts program (P0901) to assign the category code values to accounts in your chart of accounts. For category code 21, assign the value REC01 for notes receivable accounts, REC02 for interest receivable accounts, and so on.
831	These acronyms are often used in internal communications within a manufacturing environment. 7W: seven wastes. ABB: activity-based budgeting. ABC: activity-based costing. ABM: activity-based management. ABVS: automated best value system. ACV: all commodity volume. ADC: automated data collection.
832	GTIN DEFINITION : INFORMATION. GTIN describes a family of GS1 (EAN.UCC) global data structures that employ 14 digits and can be encoded into various types of data carriers. Currently, GTIN is used exclusively within bar codes, but it could also be used in other data carriers such as radio frequency identification (RFID).
833	The HP EliteBook. 8570w is ISV-certified so your mobile workstation runs smoothly and. reliably no matter what the project is. Keep up with large files and daunting projects with the incredible. performance and responsiveness of an Intel® Core™ i7 quad-core. processor or an i7 or i5 dual-core processor.1 Gain improved.
834	For this example, you would complete these steps: 1  Set up values for REC01, REC02, and REC03 in UDC table 09/21. 2  Use the Review and Revise Accounts program (P0901) to assign the category code values to accounts in your chart of accounts.
835	Of all products shown, only the following are disinfectants registered with the EPA: Clorox® Regular-Bleach refers to the EPA registration number 5813-100 registered as Clorox® Regular-Bleach1.
836	You can set up a version for each of the category codes that you use and specify the category code in a processing option for the program. If you assign the same category code value to more than one of your accounts, the system adds the amounts in all of the accounts and prints the total amount on the report.
837	WAN), DSL model or cable modem. Our selectable reporting. path feature allows the radio to be configured for a single or. dual path solution as well as the appropriate supervision inter-. vals based on NFPA 72 requirements. (See diagram below for. selectable paths and supervision timing intervals.) Features.
838	Who we are Founded in 1966 as the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities, CARF International is an independent, nonprofit accreditor of health and human services in the following areas: Aging Services. Behavioral Health. Child and Youth Services. Employment and Community Services.
839	Highlight lyrics to add Meanings, Special Memories, and Misheard Lyrics... From the sea. Of a man that Brandy loved. No harbor was his home. But my life, my love and my lady is the sea. And Brandy does her best to understand. But my life, my love and my lady is the sea.
840	Brandy (You're A Fine Girl) - Song Lyrics. Originally performed by Looking Glass, a rock quartet from New Jersey formed in 1969, consisting of Elliot Lurie (lead guitar), Lawrence Gonsky (piano), Pieter Sweval (bass), and Jeff Grob (drums)
841	Brandy (You're A Fine Girl) - Song Lyrics. An excerpt from a live Oracle performance is available as both a streaming RealAudio format, or as a higher quality downloadable MP3. Select the version you'd prefer.
842	And there's a girl in this harbor town. And she works laying whiskey down. They say Brandy, fetch another round. And she serves them whiskey and wine. They say,Brandy, you're a fine girl. What a good wife you would be. You could steal a sailor. From the sea.
843	No harbor was his home. The sailor said  Brandy, you're a fine girl (you're a fine girl) What a good wife you would be (such a fine girl) But my life, my lover, my lady is the sea. (dooda-dit-dooda), (dit-dooda-dit-dooda-dit) Yeah, Brandy used to watch his eyes.
844	Brandy , you're a fine girl  ( you 're a fine girl ) < br / >  What a good wife you would be  ( such a fine girl ) < br / >  But my life , my lover , my lady is the sea  < br / > ( dooda-dit-dooda ) , ( dit-dooda-dit-dooda-dit ) < br / > < br / >  Brandy , you're a fine girl  ( you 're a fine girl ) < br / > [ FADE ] < br / > < br / >  What ...
845	Brandy (You're A Fine Girl) - Song Lyrics. 1  Originally performed by Looking Glass, a rock quartet from New Jersey formed in 1969, consisting of Elliot Lurie (lead guitar), Lawrence Gonsky (piano), Pieter Sweval (bass), and Jeff Grob (drums)  The song was inspired by a girl in Lurie's life, but the story is fictional.
846	She serves them whiskey and wine. The sailors say Brandy, you're a fine girl (you're a fine girl) What a good wife you would be (such a fine girl) Yeah your eyes could steal a sailor from the sea. (dooda-dit-dooda), (dit-dooda-dit-dooda-dit)
847	Song Lyrics to Brandy (You're A Fine Girl) by Looking Glass. Originally performed by Looking Glass, a rock quartet from New Jersey formed in 1969, consisting of Elliot Lurie (lead guitar), Lawrence Gonsky (piano), Pieter Sweval (bass), and Jeff Grob (drums)
848	1 Originally performed by Looking Glass, a rock quartet from New Jersey formed in 1969, consisting of Elliot Lurie (lead guitar), Lawrence Gonsky (piano), Pieter Sweval (bass), and Jeff Grob (drums)  The song was inspired by a girl in Lurie's life, but the story is fictional.
849	T/F: Air is the medium that sound waves travel through. T/F: Sound waves are a disturbance that moves through the air. T/F: Air molecules are carried along with sound waves. T/F: The speed of a wave depends on the medium through which it travels.
850	Shock Waves and Sonic Booms. The Doppler effect is observed whenever the speed of the source is moving slower than the speed of the waves. But if the source actually moves at the same speed as or faster than the wave itself can move, a different phenomenon is observed.
851	Asked by: Lockyear. Sonic boom is a common name for the loud noise that is created by the 'shock wave' produced by the air-plane that is traveling at speeds greater than that of sound ( speed of sound is approximately 332 m/s or 1195 km/hr or 717 miles/hour). These speeds are called supersonic speeds, hence this phenomena is sometimes called the supersonic boom.
852	I myself think that it is D, cause a sonic boom is caused when you break the sound barrier (speed of sound) so you need to be above the speed of sound, hope it helps 1  :) Comments (5) 2  Report.
853	Which below describes the conditions needed for a shock wave to form. An object moves at the speed of sound. The wave speed equals the object’s speed. The wave speed equals the object’s speed. An object moves faster than the speed of sound.
854	circle the letter that describes how increasing the speed of the wave source above the wave speed affects the shape of the bow wave that is formed. a. the bow wave is unchanged. b. the bow wave has a narrower v shape.
855	This phenomenon is known as a shock wave. Shock waves are also produced if the aircraft moves faster than the speed of sound. If a moving source of sound moves faster than sound, the source will always be ahead of the waves that it produces.
856	The Doppler effect can be observed to occur with all types of waves - most notably water waves, sound waves, and light waves. The application of this phenomenon to water waves was discussed in detail in Unit 10 of The Physics Classroom Tutorial.
857	Which best describes when a sonic boom occurs? A. when a object travels at or above the speed of sound. B. when an object travels at the speed of sound. C.When an object travels below the speed of sound. D. When an object travels above the speed of sound.
858	suppose a friend far away taps a metal fence. a. the sound is softer and travels slower through the metal than through air. b.the sound is louder and travels slower through the metal than through air. c. the sound is softer and travels faster through the metal than through air. d. the sound is louder and travels faster through the metal than through air.
859	And you need to take that course in order to take the next one, so you're really set back if you fail or couldn't sign up for a certain course. Plus, not that many engineering courses are offered over the summer. Most people I know take longer than 4 years.
860	If you don’t take an internship you can get an engineering degree in four years but it might be more challenging for you to get your first job depending on whether you have high grades and whether you have some engineering experience from working as a summer student.
861	I have been going full time and full... show more I graduate high school at age 16 and went to college at 17 (couple months after i graduated high school) now i am 20 years old and i need about a year left to graduate from my Bachelors Degree Electrical Engineering.
862	There is no a simple answer to this question and it can take from 4 to 6 years depending on whether you study hard and take 11 courses every semester and whether you decide to work as an intern or co-op student after your second or third year.
863	This Site Might Help You. RE: On average, how long does it take to finish a engineering degree? I graduate high school at age 16 and went to college at 17 (couple months after i graduated high school) now i am 20 years old and i need about a year left to graduate from my Bachelors Degree Electrical Engineering.
864	in this section. 1  How do I apply? 2  Am I eligible to apply for graduated study? 3  What is the difference between M.Eng and M.S. degree programs? 4  What materials should be included in my application? 5  Do I have to take the TOEFL? 6  What is the minimum GRE guideline? 7  How long are GRE scores valid? 8  What are the institutional and departmental codes for the ...
865	The program is intended for those interested in professional practice and engineering. The M.S. degree is a research-oriented program that usually takes 4 semesters to complete and requires an independently written thesis. There are no credit-hour or specific course requirements.
866	The M.Eng degree is set up to be completed in two semesters. No thesis is required; a final written report on the design project replaces the thesis. The program requires a minimum of 30 credit hours of technical graduate-level course work and work on a real-world design project.
867	Those interested in a terminal Master’s degree should apply to the Master of Engineering program; others may apply for the combined MS/PhD program. Competition for these assistantships and fellowships is very keen and in general only about 5% of new M.S. (/Ph.D.) applicants will receive an offer of financial aid.
868	Master of Engineering (M.Eng); a coursework and project-oriented degree program usually completed in two semesters if started in the Fall. Admission to this program generally requires an undergraduate degree, or equivalent coursework, in an appropriate field of engineering.
869	one year after the close of the study 8 new cases of cancer were diagnosed in the exposed area and two in the control area if you want to know where the towers and antennas are in your area and how close they are to your home or place of work visit antennasearch com
870	locate the cell phone towers and antennas near you if you want to know where the towers and antennas are in your area and how close they are to your home or place of work visit antennasearch com this site provides detailed information on 1 9 million towers and antennas in the us
871	A typical cellphone has enough power to reach a cell tower up to 45 miles away. Depending on the technology of the cellphone network, the maximum distance may be as low as 22 miles because the signal otherwise takes too long for the highly accurate timing of the cellphone protocol to work reliably.
872	i recently found out that the house i was about to rent is 75meter away from a big celltower so i want to cancel the contract tomorrow i ve read that the radiation being put out by the neighbours wifi and dect phones is much bigger than the radiation being put out by big cell tower at 75meters distance
873	hi i m not good with the technical stuff my sensitivity to emrs is at a purely instinctive level i just feel it as pain to differing levels of severity depending on where the source happens to be and how strong the emissions are but 75m is way too close to a cell tower
874	originally 300m was given as a minimum distance for people to live work play nearby and bear in mind that was long before the 2g 3g 4g tetra levels were introduced and blanket residential wi fi existed
875	i reside in ocean shores where telstra project of putting a 33m tower in the middle of a residential area 80 m away from the fist one and less that 300 m from 2 schools
876	carriers often reduce the distance between a cellphone and a cell tower due to capacity issues a cellphone carrier receives a certain number of frequencies to use in his network at a given location each cell tower can handle a maximum number of calls determined by the number of separate frequencies
877	i gave away my first cell phone after 6 days in 1999 then i went back to using cell phones but not that much then i started using them only with a headset now i like to leave it switched off the next step will be to throw it away
878	the maximum distance between a cellphone and a cell tower depends on many different factors the connecting technology landscape features the power of the transmitter in the tower the size of the cellphone network cell and the design capacity of the network all play a role sometimes the celltower transmitter is set to low power on purpose so that it doesn t interfere with neighboring cells
879	The U.S. Census Bureau provides data for the Federal, state and local governments as well as voting, redistricting, apportionment and congressional affairs. Geography is central to the work of the Bureau, providing the framework for survey design, sample selection, data collection, tabulation, and dissemination.
880	Cary, Illinois 17,840 14.3% 1994: Marion, Illinois: 17,826 9.9% 1995: Bay City, Texas
881	The city is part of the Marion-Herrin Micropolitan Area and is a part of the Carbondale-Marion-Herrin, Illinois Combined Statistical Area with 123,272 residents, the sixth most populous Combined statistical area in Illinois.
882	Marion, Illinois. Marion is a city in and the county seat of Williamson County, Illinois, United States.[3] The population was 17,193 at the 2010 census. It is part of a dispersed urban area that developed out of the early 20th-century coal fields.
883	In civilian labor force, total, percent of population age 16 years+, 2012-2016 60.9% In civilian labor force, female, percent of population age 16 years+, 2012-2016
884	QuickFacts Illinois. QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
885	Comfort Suites Marion, 2608 W Main, Marion, Illinois 62959 , Phone: (618) 997-9133, Fax: (618) 997-1005 Motel 6, 1008 Halfway Rd, Marion, Illinois 62959 , Phone: (618) 993-2631, Fax: (618) 993-2719 Americas Best Value Inn, 1802 Bittle Pl, Marion, Illinois 62959 , Phone: (618) 997-1351, Fax: (618) 993-2241
886	In civilian labor force, total, percent of population age 16 years+, 2012-2016: 65.4%: In civilian labor force, female, percent of population age 16 years+, 2012-2016: 60.6%: Total accommodation and food services sales, 2012 ($1,000) 27,937,381: Total health care and social assistance receipts/revenue, 2012 ($1,000) 83,431,778
887	Best Western Plus Marion Hotel, 400 Comfort Dr, Marion, Illinois 62959 , Phone: (618) 998-1220 5 other hotels and motels All 13 fire-safe hotels and motels in Marion, Illinois
888	Applicants must be between 17 and 35; meet the mental, moral, and physical standards for enlistment; and must speak, read and write English fluently. The U.S. military branches cannot assist foreign nationals in obtaining admittance into the United States.
889	How much does an Army Navy Country Club membership cost? On average, the cost of a membership will depend on the membership you choose and oftentimes, the member’s rank if they are in the military. For instance, the social membership, which allows members to enjoy everything but tennis and golf, can cost $5,000 to join and $300 per month to remain active. Again, depending on the rank, the initiation fees can range anywhere from $1,000 to more than $35,000 and most monthly dues average out to $300 to $500 per month.
890	If you’re a civilian member, the costs are much higher, often around $55,000 to $70,000 to join and about $290 to $500+ per month depending on the age. On this forum thread at DCUrbanMom.com, a member said they contacted the club as a civilian and was quoted $55,000 for the initiation fee and either $290 per month if under 35 or $520 if older than 35.
891	Military Spending in the United States Facebook Twitter In fiscal year 2015, military spending is projected to account for 54 percent of all federal discretionary spending, a total of $598.5 billion. Military spending includes: all regular a National Priorities Project
892	The following information is needed for all requests for locator services: Give as much identifying information as possible about the person you wish to locate such as full name, rank, last duty assignment/last known military address, service number, and Social Security number.
893	On average, the cost of a membership will depend on the membership you choose and oftentimes, the member’s rank if they are in the military. For instance, the social membership, which allows members to enjoy everything but tennis and golf can cost $5,000 to join and $300 per month. Again, depending on the rank, the initiation fees can range anywhere from $1,000 to more than $35,000 and most monthly dues average out to $300 to $500 per month.
894	The Army Navy Country Club has been operational for over 85 years and offers two golf courses, six swimming pools, 20 tennis courts (6 indoor and 14 outdoor), a fitness center and many more amenities.
895	Military Spending in the United States. Facebook Twitter. In fiscal year 2015, military spending is projected to account for 54 percent of all federal discretionary spending, a total of $598.5 billion. Military spending includes: all regular activities of the Department of Defense; war spending; nuclear weapons spendin g; international military assistance; and other Pentagon-related spending.
896	Military Spending in the United States. In fiscal year 2015, military spending is projected to account for 54 percent of all federal discretionary spending, a total of $598.5 billion. Military spending includes: all regular activities of the Department of Defense; war spending; nuclear weapons spending; international military assistance; and other Pentagon-related spending.
897	Requests for military addresses should be sent to the respective service of the individual whose address is being sought. Military regulations and the Privacy Act of 1974 do not permit the military departments to provide email addresses, home addresses or telephone numbers of service personnel.
898	Instrumental temperature record. For temperature changes on other time scales, see Temperature record. Global mean surface temperature change from 1880 to 2016, relative to the 1951–1980 mean. The black line is the global annual mean and the red line is the five-year lowess smooth. The blue uncertainty bars show a 95% confidence limit.
899	Many places also have a count of the number of days with wet weather. The calculation of days only includes those when precipitation amounted to at least 0.1 millimetres (0.004 inches). The annual amount of precipitation is an average of weather data collected during 1981 to 2010. You can jump to a separate table for each region of the country: North Netherlands, East Netherlands, West Netherlands and South Netherlands. North Netherlands covers the provinces of Groningen, Friesland and Drenthe.
900	Rotterdam: Annual Weather Averages. July is the hottest month in Rotterdam with an average temperature of 17°C (63°F) and the coldest is January at 3°C (37°F) with the most daily sunshine hours at 7 in May. The wettest month is October with an average of 84mm of rain.
901	The Netherlands. The Netherlands have a temperate maritime climate influenced by the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean, with cool summers and moderate winters. Daytime temperatures varies from 2°C-6°C in the winter and 17°C-20°C in the summer.
902	During this time, the weather is warm but not excessively hot. The summer is the best time to enjoy the canals of Amsterdam or a long walk in the park. During July, the average temperature is 17.9 degrees Celsius, or 64.2 degrees Fahrenheit.
903	The Netherlands. 1  The Netherlands have a temperate maritime climate influenced by the North Sea and Atlantic Ocean, with cool summers and moderate winters. Daytime temperatures varies from 2°C-6°C in the winter and 17°C-20°C in the summer. 2  Especially in fall and winter strong atlantic low-pressure systems can bring gales and uncomfortable weather.
904	The Weather and Climate of the Netherlands. The Netherlands is a country that boasts a typical maritime climate with mild summers and cold winters. Wind and rain are common throughout most of the year with July and August being the wettest months. March is the driest month of the year.
905	Amsterdam: Annual Weather Averages. August is the hottest month in Amsterdam with an average temperature of 17°C (63°F) and the coldest is January at 3°C (37°F) with the most daily sunshine hours at 7 in June. The wettest month is November with an average of 90mm of rain.
906	The average temperature of Netherlands is about 2 degrees Celsius (35 degrees Fahrenheit) in the month of January. In July the average monthly temperature is 19°C. The annual average temperature is approximately 10 degrees Celsius (50 degrees Fahrenheit). The average rainfall in a year is 76.5cm which is a lot. People in the Netherlands complain much about the weather.
907	This marked the third consecutive year reaching a new record temperature, the first time since the current warming trend began in the 1970s that three years in a row were record highs. 2016's record meant that 16 of the 17 warmest years have occurred since 2000.
908	Words near smelly in the dictionary. 1  smellings. 2  smells. 3  smells-and-bells. 4  smells-fishy. 5  smelly. 6  smelt. 7  smelted. 8  smelter. 9  smelter-dust. 10  smelteries.
909	Synonyms. verb perceive with the nose. 1  breathe star. 2  inhale star. 3  sniff star. 4  detect star. 5  snuff star. 6  discover star. 7  identify star. 8  nose star.
910	Thesaurus. The thesaurus of synonyms and related words is fully integrated into the dictionary. Click on the thesaurus category heading under the button in an entry to see the synonyms and related words for that meaning.
911	PPDB, the paraphrase database (0.00 / 0 votes) Rate these synonyms: List of paraphrases: odour, scent, odor, stink, feel, stench, perfume, whiff, aroma, meaning, sense, olfactory, fragrance, sniff, feeling, flavor, campsite, late.
912	90% of the time, speakers of English use just 7,500 words in speech and writing. These words appear in red, and are graded with stars. One-star words are frequent, two-star words are more frequent, and three-star words are the most frequent.
913	Related words. 1  smell verb. 2  smell blood phrase. 3  smell a rat phrase. 4  smell/stink to high heaven phrase. 5  smell like. 6  smell danger/trouble. 7  distinctly hear/see/smell etc. 8  sense of smell/taste/touch etc. 9  seem/look/sound/smell/taste/feel like. 10  wake up and smell the coffee. 11  catch a whiff of something. 12  be on the scent. 13  the sweet smell of success.
914	Another word for smell. LINK / CITE ADD TO WORD LIST. smell aroma odor scent. These nouns denote a quality that can be perceived by the olfactory sense: the smell of gas; the aroma of frying onions; hospital odors; the scent of pine needles.
915	» more... 1  He leaned closer, his hot breath laden with the smell of alcohol. 2  The masculine smell of him, the way his big hands caressed her cheek so softly... 3  Do you suppose they don't smell you coming so quickly? 4  The smell of coffee brought Yancey back into the room a little later. 5  After examining a rock for ants or other insects, she leaned ...
916	Relevance ranks synonyms and suggests the best matches based on how closely a synonym’s sense matches the sense you selected.
917	Collins Cobuild English Dictionary for Advanced Learners 4th edition published in 2003 © HarperCollins Publishers 1987, 1995, 2001, 2003 and Collins A-Z Thesaurus 1st edition first published in 1995 © HarperCollins Publishers 1995.
918	Take the milk: sheep’s milk, the classic feta ingredient, makes a creamy, yellowish cheese with a soft texture and a decidedly “barnyard” flavor. Pure goat’s milk feta, like Agrafa, tends to be whiter, drier and milder than sheep and often has a slightly gamy aftertaste.
919	Unlike a lot of other cheeses with geographically protected names, modern cheddar can come from anywhere, not just the area around Cheddar. Cheddar cheese eventually became one of England’s most popular snacks. In 1170, King Henry II bought over five tons of the cheese for the bargain price of just a little over £10.
920	3. Monterey Jack. Monterey Jack only takes half of its name from a place. Franciscan friars around Monterey, CA, crafted a mild white cheese throughout the 19th century, but the semi-hard treat didn’t begin spreading until Scottish immigrant David Jack started marketing his own version of the cheese.
921	A World Away From Supermarket Feta. For people who are used to American supermarket feta, it’s hard to understand the incredible breadth of the cheese, much less the near-maniacal devotion that some brands engender.
922	Quick Answer. Feta cheese and goat cheese are both made from the milk of goats. The difference is that feta is also made using sheep's milk. In fact the majority, or 70 percent, of the milk used in feta is sheep's milk. Some feta is made entirely with sheep's milk.
923	The word feta has an interesting genealogy. It comes from the Italian word fetta (meaning slice). Fetta, in turn, is of Latin origin from offa (meaning bite or morsel). It first appeared in Greek language in the 17th century, possibly referring to the process of serving the cheese by cutting it in thin slices.
924	Served with a splash of olive oil and a sprinkle of herbs, it has complexity and character, and is the perfect accompaniment to go with a glass of retsina and a bowl of olives. Table cheese, in other words, describes a feta that isn’t afraid to stand up to cheddar or manchego. It’s a cheese that comes ready to play.
925	Feta is an aged brine curd cheese, which is usually made from ewe's or goat's milk. Usually formed in square-shaped blocks, it is known to have a somewhat grainy consistency. However, in today's world there is an abundance of Feta Style cheese made with cow milk.
926	Our Feta recipe is made with whole fat cow milk but ewe or goats milk can easily be used to achieve more traditional flavors. The recipe below is for 4.5 gallons of milk, if you would like to make a 2 gallon batch, simply reduce the culture and rennet and change the press weight as indicated below.
927	Cheddar, which has been around since at least the 12th century, takes its name from the English village of Cheddar. The nearby Cheddar Gorge is full of caves that offer ideal conditions for aging cheese, so dairy farmers and their wives began using their surplus milk to make a new kind of cheese.
928	Sounds and Noises a Refrigerator Makes. The normal operation of your refrigerator will cause some sound. The following list contains sounds that are normal. A Chirping/barking/woof/howl sound can sometimes be heard as the damper door opens/closes.
929	Hum a few bars, please. This is one instance when sound coming from your fridge is a good thing. You're probably so used to it you don't even notice the low humming your refrigerator typically makes. But sometimes it's the absence of sound that makes you take notice.
930	Sound coming from inside the fridge. The evaporation motor inside the fridge is supposed to get rid of excess moisture that could form ice inside your refrigerator. If the sound becomes louder when you open the fridge, then your evaporation motor is probably broken.
931	1 A clicking/tic toc noise can be heard when the defrost timer switches on and off. 2  A click can be heard when the temperature control unit turns the unit on and off.  A boiling, gurgling, or knocking sound can be heard when the unit is running. This is caused by the circulation of refrigerant.
932	You may be wondering, Why does my refrigerator make that noise?. Check out some common refrigerator woes and what they could mean. Even if you can't fix your fridge foibles yourself, you may be reassured to know what the issue might be. Consult a reputable repair person to assess any issues you may have.
933	The annoying humming noise that’s coming from your fridge could be caused by a number of problems, some of which are easy to solve, some of which you’ll need a quality mechanic for, and some that will force you to replace the machine. Read on if you have a refrigerator making humming noises and you want to fix it. Sound coming from the back. If the humming sound is coming from the back of the fridge, it’s either due to your compressor or the motor fan. A broken compressor is a big deal, as your fridge won’t cool properly.
934	If the sound is coming from the bottom of the fridge, this it could be because your fridge is off balance. Make sure your fridge is level and all the feet are bearing pressure equally. If one foot is only lightly touching the ground, it could create a humming sound as the fridge vibrates against the floor.
935	When something just clicks, it's usually a good thing. In the case of your fridge, however, you might not be so lucky. Clicking could mean your compressor is going bad. The unit might be struggling to get an electrical current to the compressor, overheat with the effort, shut off and make the clicking sound.
936	If your fridge begins to hiss or makes noises like a sizzle, it could be an issue with the defroster (most newer units are self defrosting). The noise can be a result of what happens when cold water drips onto the warm defroster.
937	1 A change in fan speed as the refrigerator responds to changes in temperature due to door opening. 2  A clicking/tic toc noise can be heard when the defrost timer switches on and off.  A click can be heard when the temperature control unit turns the unit on and off.
938	What Does a Sports Medicine Doctor Do? Learn about the job requirements and duties of a sports medicine doctor as well as the training and education necessary for... Become a Sports Physical Therapist: Education and Career Roadmap
939	A physiatrist can be either a medical doctor (MD) or a doctor of osteopathic medicine (DO). A physiatrist may be referred to as a: Physiatrist; Physical medicine and rehabilitation physician; PM&R physician
940	Today, there are over 8,000 physicians practicing physical medicine and rehabilitation. 1 Many PM&R physicians who treat back pain are part of a Spine Center or Spine Hospital, treating patients within a practice that includes other specialists, such as physical therapists, spine surgeons, rehabilitation specialists, and more.
941	Today, there are over 8,000 physicians practicing physical medicine and rehabilitation. 1. Many PM&R physicians who treat back pain are part of a Spine Center or Spine Hospital, treating patients within a practice that includes other specialists, such as physical therapists, spine surgeons, rehabilitation specialists, and more.
942	A physiatrist's treatment focuses on helping the patient become as functional and pain-free as possible in order to participate in and enjoy life as fully as possible. A physiatrist can be either a medical doctor (MD) or a doctor of osteopathic medicine (DO). 1  A physiatrist may be referred to as a: 2  Physiatrist. 3  Physical medicine and rehabilitation physician. 4  PM&R physician.
943	Physical therapists can specialize in sports medicine and acquire clinical experience in the field through a residency in sports physical therapy. Residents are practicing physical therapists who wish to expand their competencies in sports medicine.
944	Doctor Directory. A physiatrist practices in the field of physiatry - also called physical medicine and rehabilitation - which is a branch of medicine that specializes in diagnosis, treatment, and management of disease primarily using physical means, such as physical therapy and medications.
945	The following is a list of back conditions commonly treated by physiatrists: 1  Back pain, sciatica. 2  Muscle and ligament injuries. 3  Work injuries. 4  Myofacial pain. 5  Fibromyalgia. 6  Spinal cord injury. 7  Osteoarthritis. 8  Ankylosing spondylitis. 9  Osteoporosis.
946	To become a physical therapist, one must complete an accredited physical therapy program, many of which culminate in a doctorate degree, and earn state licensing. A residency program in sports medicine can train physical therapists to specialize in helping athletes, including preventing and treating injuries, and even enhancing performance.
947	Education Requirements for a Physical Therapist in Sports Medicine. A degree from an accredited physical therapy program is required to work as a physical therapist in sports medicine. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) notes that only graduate programs are accredited.
948	What does it mean when you see. . . When spotting an owl, eagle, orb, angel, rainbow, shooting star, butterfly, hawk, hummingbird, blue jay, cardinal, white dove, praying mantis, what does it mean? When talking symbolism, this is among the most common question about the myriad of things and symbols that surround us.
949	Overwhelmingly in most cultures the mantis is a symbol of stillness. As such, she is an ambassador from the animal kingdom giving testimony to the benefits of meditation, and calming our minds. An appearance from the mantis is a message to be still, go within, meditate, get quite and reach a place of calm.
950	Well, apparently, legend has it that if a praying mantis comes to you in your house, it is a good sign of things to come. But others say it could be an omen or the visit is trying to force you to re-evaluate issues in your life. Claude S. interpreted his mantis visit as a wake-up call:
951	For other uses, see Praying mantis (disambiguation) and Mantis (disambiguation). Mantises are an order (Mantodea) of insects that contains over 2,400 species in about 430 genera in 15 families. The largest family is the Mantidae (mantids). Mantises are distributed worldwide in temperate and tropical habitats. They have triangular heads with bulging eyes supported on flexible necks.
952	Symbolic Meaning for the Praying Mantis . . . The Praying Mantis is one of the more unusual insects and it is always good luck to find one. To come across a Praying Mantis is to take on its attributes, which we will talk about later.
953	Praying Mantis Meaning in the Realm of Animal Symbolism. The mantis comes to us when we need peace, quiet and calm in our lives. Usually the mantis makes an appearance when we've flooded our lives with so much business, activity, or chaos that we can no longer hear the still small voice within us because of the external din we've created.
954	Answers.com® is making the world better one answer at a time. An animal symbolism site states: Praying Mantis Meanings in the Realms of Animal Symbolism. The mantis comes to us when we need peace, quiet and calm in our lives.
955	Meanings of the most commonly seen animals and other symbols. Among the most popular animals that are asked about are: owl, eagle, butterfly, hawk, hummingbird, blue jay, cardinal, white dove, and praying mantis. Other hot topics of query are: rainbow, double rainbow, shooting star, angel, angel in the clouds, and the mystical and ever curious orbs.
956	Praying Mantis Symbolism. A practiced and formidable adversary. Praying Mantis Symbolism ~:~ It is always good luck to find a Praying Mantis. The Praying Mantis is agile, nimble and quick, like a ninja making it a formidable adversary. The elegant dance of the Praying Mantis has a hypnotizing effect, it draws you in wondering what the next move might be.
957	Gore-Tex takes a plain (unguarded) ePTFE membrane and attaches it to a superthin protective polyurethane (PU) film, creating what is known in the rainwear industry as a bicomponent laminate. The PU layer is solid (technically speaking, monolithic) and shields the ePTFE from body oils and other contaminants.
958	PU Coated Fabrics. Nobletex PU Coated Fabrics are made of the very toughest fabrics and is thoroughly tested to guarantee performance even after serious wear and tear, therefore provides rugged durable and excellent protection performance for a variety of end uses. Water proof & Water repellant.
959	All rainwear exteriors (also known as face fabrics) are treated with a durable water repellent (DWR) finish. Even rainwear classified as water-resistant (which includes soft shells) carries a DWR finish. A DWR affects only the exterior of rainwear and is separate from a laminate or coating. Its purpose is to protect the face fabric from becoming saturated, weighing it down and causing any sensation of dampness. A DWR accomplishes this by causing water to bead up and roll off the garment's exterior.
960	Polyurethane is a plastic material, which exists in various forms. It can be tailored to be either rigid or flexible, and is the material of choice for a broad range of end-user applications such as: insulation of refrigerators and freezers. building insulation. cushioning for furniture. mattresses. car parts. coatings.
961	Phase I. Polyurethane Upholstery Fabric: How it’s Made. Polyurethane, commonly referred to as ‘PU’, is a polymer that is considered to be a highly resilient, flexible and durable material. PU is very versatile and can be manufactured in various forms - to be hard like fiberglass, spongy as upholstery foam, robust and.
962	They are usually natural or synthetic fabrics that are laminated to or coated with a waterproofing material such as rubber, polyvinyl chloride (PVC), polyurethane (PU), silicone elastomer, fluoropolymers, and wax.
963	Waterproof fabrics are fabrics that are inherently, or have been treated to become, resistant to penetration by water and wetting. The term waterproof refers to conformance to a governing specification and specific conditions of a laboratory test method.
964	Coated fabrics consist of woven and non-woven cloth with a coating or resin applied to the surface or saturated into the bulk of the material to provide some additional property. Specifications include: product type. material type. dimensions.
965	Coated Fabrics Information. Coated fabrics consist of woven and non-woven cloth with a coating or resin applied to the surface or saturated into the bulk of the material to provide some additional property. Applications. Coated fabrics also differ in terms of applications.
966	Hydrotuff (PVC-COATED) AND Hydrolite (PU-COATED) PRODUCT LINE. Our Hydrotuff ® and Hydrolite ® lines of commercial fabric are available in polyester and nylon base material with Polyurethane (PU) and Poly Vinyl Chloride (PVC) coatings. Both lines offer outstanding wear performance, are lightweight and very durable which gives these fabrics exceptional resistance to abrasion, punctures, and tears.
967	For car owners interested in a complete makeover, Car owners can buy vehicle reupholstering kits for about $800, plus an additional $750 for a professional to install, Zalewski says. A custom upholstery for an entire car can cost about $2,500. There are also options for carpet repair.
968	All cord piping is made by hand using premium marine vinyls and foam core (unless specified otherwise by customer). The average cost to completely remove, reupholster/rebuild, and reinstall all associated interior components in a 20 foot runabout is $2,500.00. Similar to the cost of a new couch, loveseat, and coffee table at a reasonably priced furniture store. Of course, prices will vary depending on the boat.
969	DoItYourself.com explains how to reupholster a car seat for just the cost of the material (and spray paint if parts of the seat frame are corroded). Sunbrite Auto Works in Tampa, FL provides a how-to video for recovering a vehicle's headliner (60-wide foam-backed headliner material typically costs $10-$20 a yard).
970	Kevin Kent, owner of highly rated Kent Auto Upholstery in Indianapolis, says he charges $175 to $185 for new bolsters. Reupholstering the bottom of the seat typically costs $130 to $350, while reupholstering an entire seat costs about $500 to $600, Zalewski says. “I only touch what I need to touch,” says Zalewski, adding most upholstery damage is limited to areas of heavy usage.
971	Upholstery samples from 1965 book: Rambler-Kaiser Jeep. 1 2 3 4. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days.
972	New layback seat in the down position. I may be able to use your old hinges or hardware to save expense if you are replacing your seats with the exact same style. The top photo clearly shows the old seat on the left and what a difference the new seat on the right makes to improve the looks of the interior.
973	Zalewski says a thin carpet can cover the old carpet for about $350 to give it a new look. Replacing old carpet with aftermarket carpet costs about $750, while replacing old carpet with the original manufactured carpet can cost more than $1,000.
974	Installation by an auto upholstery shop (which can include adding batting or foam, or repairing springs if needed) can cost an additional $100-$800 or more, bringing total costs to $200-$1,800 or more per row for professional installation of custom slip covers.
975	Upholstery for Cars Cost. Typical costs: Custom seat covers (either from the original vehicle manufacturer or, more typically, from a company specializing in seat voers) are made-to-order to fit a specific seat style in a specific year, make and model of vehicle, and can cost $200-$1,000 or more per row, depending on size, style and material.
976	Follow jeep upholstery to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed. Unfollow jeep upholstery to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed. Yay! You're now following jeep upholstery in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Dont send me e-mail alerts.
977	Education SpecialistSouthern Illinois Center for Workforce Development. I am the Family and Consumer Sciences facilitator for the Curriculum Revitalization Project. I give presentations to Illinois teachers on how to use the materials available at www.ilcte.org, as well as technology presentations. Manito, IlMidwest Central High School.
978	So you’re going to keep both Citi Exec cards ($900 annual fee for both), and in return get 24k bonus AA miles (2 cards x 1k bonus each month for 12 months – assumption you don’t renew in 2016, therefore this retention offer is only good for 1 year).
979	Find the graves of ancestors, create virtual memorials, add 'virtual flowers' and a note to a loved one's grave, etc. • Search 159 million grave records. • Search for a cemetery. • Add burial records. • View recently added names.
980	…to UK People Finder where we take a caring approach to helping you find lost friends or family members. Over the 20 years we have been searching for people we have successfully located hundreds of individuals both in the UK and across the world. This site is a result of our continued commitment to the personal searches market and to never knowingly tracing individuals for the recovery of debt. All we are interested in is reuniting family and friends for positive outcomes.
981	Lindsay Wagner. This article is about the actress. For the Playboy Playmate, see Lindsay Wagner (model). Lindsay Jean Wagner (born June 22, 1949) is an American film and television actress, model, author, singer, acting coach, and adjunct professor.
982	Good morning everyone, this is going to be a short post about the retention offers I received on my 5 Citi credit cards. Before I go on, I highly recommend reading Doctor of Credit’s post on Retention Bonus Rules & Tips For Each Card Issuer – Get More Than One Bonus Each Year. I called Citi yesterday to tell them I was going to make a large “purchase” at Target with my Citi American Airlines Executive Credit Card.
983	David Hecker, President, AFT Michigan. Keith Johnson, President, Detroit Federation of Teachers. John McDonald, President, Henry Ford Community College Fed of Teachers. Ruby Newbold, President, Detroit Assoc. of Educational Office Employees.
984	Lynda Carter was born on July 24, 1951 in Phoenix, Arizona, USA as Linda Jean Cordova Carter. She is an actress, known for Wonder Woman (1975), The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion (2006) and The Dukes of Hazzard (2005). She has been married to Robert Altman since January 29, 1984. They have two children.
985	Continue on Hollins Ferry Road to Patapsco Avenue. Make a right onto Patapsco Avenue for approximately 2.5 miles. The courthouse is at the corner of Patapsco Avenue and 7th Street. The commissioner's office is on the first (ground) floor.
986	Christina Gallagher. Christina Gallagher is the former executive assistant to Representative Peter Russo (D-PA) and President Garrett Walker, as well as Russo's former love interest. An attractive woman in her late twenties, Christina Gallagher was hired by Representative Peter Russo, a divorced father of two, sometime in 2012 to be his executive assistant.
987	Take it one day at a time. Researchers continue to investigate arrhythmias, and they're making progress. The best thing you can do is to follow your treatment plan and take things one day at a time. Sometimes you may feel that you don't get the support you need and that the people around you aren't very understanding.
988	Individual Agents: The following are some beta blockers that are in current use: nadolol (Corgard), propranolol (Inderal), atenolol (Tenormin), metoprolol (Toprol), carvedilol (Coreg) and labetalol. There are significant differences between many of the drugs in this class.
989	Calcium channel blockers. Calcium channel blockers, also known as calcium antagonists, work by interrupting the movement of calcium into heart and blood vessel tissue. Besides being used to treat high blood pressure, they're also used to treat angina (chest pain) and/or some arrhythmias (abnormal heart rhythms). Beta-blockers. Beta-blockers decrease the heart rate and cardiac output, which lowers blood pressure by blocking the effects of adrenalin.
990	They can help prevent heart attack and stroke. They can also prevent complications and slow the progression of coronary heart disease. Some of the major types of commonly prescribed cardiovascular medications used to treat arrhythmias are summarized in this section.
991	There are three classes of diuretic drugs that are used to treat hypertension. Most commonly used are thiazide diuretics such as hydrochlorothiazide or chlorthalidone. There is not usually an increased urine flow after the first one or two days of taking these medications.
992	Monitor your pulse. You should know how to take your pulse – especially if you have an artificial pacemaker. 1  Put the second and third fingers of one hand on the inside of the wrist of the other hand, just below the thumb OR on the side of your neck, just below the corner of your jaw.  Feel for the pulse.
993	All medications have side effects, including drugs to treat arrhythmias. Most of the side effects aren't serious and disappear when the dose is changed or the medication is stopped. But some side effects are very serious. That's why some children are admitted to the hospital to begin the medication.
994	If you're being treated for arrhythmia and use any of these substances, be sure to discuss this with your doctor. Manage your risk factors. Just having an arrhythmia increases your risk of heart attack, cardiac arrest and stroke.
995	Ethacrinic acid (Edecrin) is used in the rare patients who are allergic to diuretics. Loop diuretics are not as effective as thiazides in lowering blood pressure in patients with hypertension. They are used especially to treat edema (swelling of the ankles) or heart failure. However, unlike thiazides, they effective in patients with poor kidney function in lowering blood pressure or treating edema.
996	You should know how to take your pulse – especially if you have an artificial pacemaker. Put the second and third fingers of one hand on the inside of the wrist of the other hand, just below the thumb OR on the side of your neck, just below the corner of your jaw.
997	QuickFacts data are derived from: Population Estimates, American Community Survey, Census of Population and Housing, Current Population Survey, Small Area Health Insurance Estimates, Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, State and County Housing Unit Estimates, County Business Patterns, Nonemployer Statistics, Economic Census, Survey of Business Owners, Building Permits.
998	selected: Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska; UNITED STATES. QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
999	Matanuska-Susitna Valley (/mætəˈnuːskə suːˈsɪtnə/) (known locally as the Mat-Su or The Valley) is an area in Southcentral Alaska south of the Alaska Range about 35 miles (56 km) north of Anchorage, Alaska.
1000	QuickFacts Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska; UNITED STATES QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
1001	The 23,000-square-mile (60,000 km2) Matanuska-Susitna Borough (the Alaskan equivalent of a county) governs the Mat-Su Valley. According to the 2010 Census, the borough's population is 88,995, a 50% increase since 2000. The Mat-Su Valley was originally inhabited by Athabaskan people and was explored by Russians in 1818.
1002	Frequently requested statistics for: Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska; UNITED STATES
1003	Income is the gauge many use to determine the well-being of the U.S. population. Survey and census questions cover poverty, income, and wealth. The U.S. Census Bureau is the official source for U.S. export and import statistics and regulations governing the reporting of exports from the U.S.
1004	The Mat-Su rivers and lakes are home to the spawning grounds of chinook, coho, sockeye, pink, and chum salmon. The area is home to 31 state parks and campgrounds. The 23,000-square-mile (60,000 km 2) Matanuska-Susitna Borough (the Alaskan equivalent of a county) governs the Mat-Su Valley. According to the 2010 Census, the borough's population is 88,995, a 50% increase since 2000. The Mat-Su Valley was originally inhabited by Athabaskan people and was explored by Russians in 1818.
1005	QuickFacts Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska; UNITED STATES. QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
1006	Definition of charm for Students. 1  1 : an action, word, or phrase believed to have magic powers. 2  2 : something believed to keep away evil and bring good luck. 3  3 : a small decorative object worn on a chain or bracelet.  4 : a quality that attracts and pleases.
1007	Examples of charm in a sentence. 1  He keeps a horseshoe as a good luck charm. 2  He fell under the spell of her charms. 3  The resort has many charms.  The inn has a quaint 1  charm. The island possesses great charm.  The new curtains add charm to the 1  room. The seaside location is a big part of the house's 2  charm. He won her over with his  charm.
1008	Contemporary Examples. 1  I've always had good luck, and I thought it was another stroke of good fortune to be invested with the legendary Bernard Madoff. 2  If such an attitude is meant to intimidate Muslim women, good luck. 3  good luck finding that cohort of “naïve” participants, noble goal though that it is.
1009	Historical Examples. 1  And by good luck it's orders that I'm to be one of the escort to St. Mary's.  2 I had the good luck to be standing near, said Clif, modestly. 3  His good luck took him to a cousin, a namesake of the Emperor Theophilus, and in his patrons train he went to the Peloponnese.
1010	Historical Examples. 1  And by good luck it's orders that I'm to be one of the escort to St. Mary's. Sir Christopher Maud Wilder Goodwin.  2 I had the good luck to be standing near, said Clif, modestly. A Prisoner of Morro Upton Sinclair.
1011	Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Good Luck Charm. Good Luck Charm is a song recorded by Elvis Presley and published by Gladys Music, Elvis Presley's publishing company, that reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 list in the week ending April 21, 1962. It remained at the top of the list for two weeks.
1012	Indianapolis: With a good luck charm he had given to a sick child back in his pocket, Brazilian Tony Kann won his first Indianapolis 500 on Sunday to end a decade of disappointment at the famed Brickyard.
1013	Definition of charm. 1  1a : the chanting or reciting of a magic spell : incantationb : a practice or expression believed to have magic power. 2  2 : something worn about the person to ward off evil or ensure good fortune : amulet wore a rabbit's foot as a good-luck charm.
1014	An object that began life as an ordinary back-scratcher is now also believed to be a good luck charm and widely available on the net. MANAGER Ronnie Moore looks to his Irish good luck charm John Thompson to keep Tranmere Rovers in the winning habit tonight. She wanted to be her sister's good luck charm on Tuesday, too.
1015	charm, good luck charm(noun) something believed to bring good luck. Good Luck Charm. Good Luck Charm is a song recorded by Elvis Presley and published by Gladys Music, Elvis Presley's publishing company, that reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 list in the week ending April 21, 1962.
1016	Sulfacetamide 10% topical lotion, sold under the brand name Klaron or Ovace, is approved for the treatment of acne and seborrheic dermatitis. When combined with sulfur, it is sold under the brand names Plexion, Clenia, Prascion, and Avar, which contain 10% sulfacetamide and 5% sulfur.
1017	Consumer resources. 1  Sulfacetamide Cream, Gel, and Wash. 2  Sulfacetamide Foam. 3  Sulfacetamide Lotion. 4  Sulfacetamide Shampoo. 5  Sulfacetamide Topical Suspension. 6  Sulfacetamide sodium topical.
1018	Sulfacetamide sodium topical is usually applied 2 times per day for 8 to 10 days. Space your doses evenly by applying the medicine at the same times each day. You may need to keep using the medicine once or twice per week, or once every other week.
1019	Sulfacetamide is a sulfonamide antibiotic, that is used as a cream to treat skin infections and as eye drops to treat eye infections. On the skin it is used to treat acne and seborrheic dermatitis. In cream form it is used to treat bacterial infections on the skin.
1020	Sulfacetamide sodium is an antibiotic that fights bacteria on the skin. Sulfacetamide sodium topical (for the skin) is used to treat acne, dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis (red, flaking skin rash), and certain skin infections. Sulfacetamide sodium topical may also be used for purposes not listed in this medication guide.
1021	What is the most important information I should know about sulfacetamide sodium topical? You should not use this medicine if you are allergic to sulfa drugs. What should I discuss with my healthcare provider before using sulfacetamide sodium topical? You should not use this medicine if you are allergic to sulfacetamide sodium or sulfa drugs.
1022	Sulfacetamide is stable under normal temperatures and pressures. No dangerous reactions occur under known conditions of normal use. It is an important bacteriostatic agent that is commonly used in human and veterinary medicine.
1023	Sulfacetamide has antibacterial activity and is used to control acne. Products containing sulfacetamide and sulfur (a keratolytic) are commonly promoted for the treatment of acne rosacea (rosacea with papules, pustules, or both).
1024	Common side effects may include: 1  mild swelling, itching, or redness of treated skin; 2  dry skin; or. 3  yellow discoloration of treated skin (may be a sign that you have applied too much of the medicine).
1025	Sulfacetamide as a medicine is available as: solution, eye drops, lotion and a powder. It can also be found in the form sulfacetamide sodium, which has a hydrated sodium group bound to it. Mechanisms of action. Sulfacetamide is a sulfonamide antibiotic.
1026	Leonardo da Vinci(1452-1519) Leonardo da Vinci was a painter, sculptor, architect, engineer, scientist and genius who best represents the ideals of the Renaissance period.He was one of the greatest painters of all times. The Last Supper and the Mona Lisa are two of his best known paintings.1452-1519). Leonardo da Vinci was a painter, sculptor, architect, engineer, scientist and genius who best represents the ideals of the Renaissance period.
1027	Born: April 15, 1452 Vinci, Italy Died: May 2, 1519 Amboise, France. Italian artist, painter, sculptor, architect, engineer, and scientist. Leonardo da Vinci was an Italian painter, sculptor, architect, engineer, and scientist.He was one of the greatest minds of the Italian Renaissance, and his influence on painting was enormous to the following generations.eonardo da Vinci was born on April 15, 1452, near the village of Vinci about 25 miles west of Florence. He was the illegitimate (born to unmarried parents) son of Ser Piero da Vinci, a prominent notary (a public official who certifies legal documents) of Florence, and a local woman, Caterina.
1028	(1452-1519). Leonardo da Vinci was a painter, sculptor, architect, engineer, scientist and genius who best represents the ideals of the Renaissance period.He was one of the greatest painters of all times. The Last Supper and the Mona Lisa are two of his best known paintings.1452-1519). Leonardo da Vinci was a painter, sculptor, architect, engineer, scientist and genius who best represents the ideals of the Renaissance period.
1029	Leonardo da Vinci. More commonly known as the greatest artist in the history of mankind, Leonardo da Vinci was also a magnificent philosopher and scientist.The most influential figure in the Italian Renaissance, Leonardo is widely considered to be an inventive multi-genius.eonardo da Vinci. More commonly known as the greatest artist in the history of mankind, Leonardo da Vinci was also a magnificent philosopher and scientist.
1030	Science. YOUNG SCIENTIST At age 17, Leonardo Da Vinci went to become an apprentice of painting under the instruction of Andrea del Verrochio in Florence.This is where his appreciation of science really started.cience. YOUNG SCIENTIST At age 17, Leonardo Da Vinci went to become an apprentice of painting under the instruction of Andrea del Verrochio in Florence.
1031	Born out of wedlock to a notary, Piero da Vinci, and a peasant woman, Caterina, in Vinci in the region of Florence, Leonardo was educated in the studio of the renowned Florentine painter Andrea del Verrocchio.Much of his earlier working life was spent in the service of Ludovico il Moro in Milan.orn out of wedlock to a notary, Piero da Vinci, and a peasant woman, Caterina, in Vinci in the region of Florence, Leonardo was educated in the studio of the renowned Florentine painter Andrea del Verrocchio. Much of his earlier working life was spent in the service of Ludovico il Moro in Milan.
1032	View full size image. Leonardo da Vinci, perhaps most noted as an artist, was also an architect, inventor and chronicler of science, among other outlets for his talents. Born on April 15, 1452, in Vinci, Italy, Leonardo da Vinci was the son of a prominent attorney notary and a young peasant girl.iew full size image. Leonardo da Vinci, perhaps most noted as an artist, was also an architect, inventor and chronicler of science, among other outlets for his talents. Born on April 15, 1452, in Vinci, Italy, Leonardo da Vinci was the son of a prominent attorney notary and a young peasant girl.
1033	Early Life and Education: Born in 1452 in Vinci, Italy, Leonardo was the illegitimate child of Ser Piero da Vinci, a notary, and Caterina, a country girl. He stayed with his father’s family and they moved to Florence when he was just 12.eonardo da Vinci. More commonly known as the greatest artist in the history of mankind, Leonardo da Vinci was also a magnificent philosopher and scientist.
1034	Humble Beginnings. Leonardo da Vinci was born on April 15, 1452, in Vinci, Italy. Born out of wedlock, the love child of a respected notary and a young peasant woman, he was raised by his father, Ser Piero, and his stepmothers.At the age of 14, da Vinci began apprenticing with the artist Verrocchio.umble Beginnings. Leonardo da Vinci was born on April 15, 1452, in Vinci, Italy. Born out of wedlock, the love child of a respected notary and a young peasant woman, he was raised by his father, Ser Piero, and his stepmothers.
1035	Born on April 15, 1452, in Vinci, Italy, Leonardo da Vinci was concerned with the laws of science and nature, which greatly informed his work as a painter, sculptor, inventor and draftsman.umble Beginnings. Leonardo da Vinci was born on April 15, 1452, in Vinci, Italy. Born out of wedlock, the love child of a respected notary and a young peasant woman, he was raised by his father, Ser Piero, and his stepmothers.
1036	I also got a Buff Orpington hen from someone else, I was told she was hatched in Feb/Mar 2010. The 2 ex battery hens started laying soon after I got them and still are laying but my Buff Orpington still hav'nt started laying.
1037	It’s understandable that a first-time chicken-keeper may be anxious to know when they can reasonably expect to see the first egg in the nest box from their new flock. Here are general guidelines for what to watch for and how to help prepare a chicken to lay her first egg.
1038	Different breeds have different amounts or shades of the pigment which accounts for Buff Orpingtons laying pale brown eggs, while Marans lay dark chocolate brown eggs. While the egg color is determined by breed and genetics within the breed, there are a few things you can do to ensure the darkest egg color.
1039	At maturity they weigh around 6 pounds and should start laying large brown eggs at approximately 24 weeks. These pullets are not debeaked for better foraging and they free range on our farm. We also feed them healthy rations of all natural chicken feeds. All have been fully vaccinated.
1040	See all reviews. Our first chickenOrdered a started Buff Orpington pullet. She arrived in great condition and has been living in her new home for 2 weeks. She laid an egg on the first day she arrived. She is a nice bird, docile and good with the children who are responsible for her care.
1041	linda07965 Junior Member. My 11/12 month old buff orpington has finely layed her first egg, she must of known I posted a message on here last week lol. I went to the nest box 2 days ago and there was a cream/slight pinky small egg in there which is a complete different colour egg to what my 2 ex-battery hens lay.
1042	One bantam was six months, the other was seven months, and the large fowl were both eight months old before laying. My 11/12 month old buff orpington has finely layed her first egg, she must of known I posted a message on here last week lol. I went to the nest box 2 days ago and there was a cream/slight pinky small egg in there which is a complete different colour egg to what my 2 ex-battery hens lay.
1043	battery hens are bred to lay, and thats what they do non stop. orpingtons are dual purpose birds, so wont lay as many eggs and the larger breeds tend to start a bit later. 12 months is a bit late but weve had really bad , cold weather so that could delay her.
1044	No matter what the breed or what color the egg ultimately ends up being, all eggshells are white when they start their journey down the oviduct. This journey takes about 26 hours, the shell taking roughly 20 hours to be completed. In the last 4-6 hours of the laying process brown eggs 'turn' brown. A hen spending too much time in the sunlight can actually have a bleaching effect on the color egg that a hen lays, as can not having access to cool water.
1045	They are so named because they can lay a variety of shades of green (mint, pale, bright, olive), pinkish or cream eggs. A particular chicken will only lay one color egg her entire life, but each EE could lay a different color egg for you. Truly a mystery until she lays her first egg.
1046	Option Pending-known as OP status means the contract is in an option period, this typically stays 7-14 days and also buyer needs to pay the option fee as well. In this case, the seller has no right to terminate the contract during this period, just only the buyer. about 3 years ago. 0 1.
1047	It is the responsibility of the listing agent to bring offers made on the home to the bank or mortgage company for their approval or rejection. All short sales are pending the mortgage companies approval. The listing agent is just announcing in the listing that it’s a short sale listing. If you make an offer for the property it may take weeks before you get confirmation that your offer has been accepted and your deposit will be tied up until you have confirmation.
1048	What does Pending Listing for Sale mean. We have an earnest money contract signed by both parties and credit pre-approved but today the language on Har changed from Pending to Pending listing for sale. I know the house was appraised 2 days ago but now concerned.
1049	Listings with the status “pending release” (status 2) or “pending continue to show” (status 3) that state “no more offers” or “no more showings” are incorrectly classified. If the property is not available to show or not accepting offers, the status should be “pending no show” (status 4). A list of the different statuses and their uses can be found on the MLSListings Portal and below. Active – Valid listing contract exists and no offer has been accepted. Pending with release, continue to show (PR) or (Pend w/Rls) – Accepted offer on the property, and a release, “escape” or “kick-out” clause exists in a purchase contract that allows one party to withdraw under certain circumstances.
1050	“Active/Pending Short-Sale” would mean the real estate agent has an offer that is waiting for approval from the bank AND the agent is still showing the house, hoping for better offers. All short-sale offers must be approved by the bank.
1051	On March 26, 2015, HAR implemented the following update: 3 days after the Option End Date passes, the system automatically changes the listing from the Option Pending status to the Pending status.
1052	Best Answer: It means a buyer made the seller an offer to purchase their house. The sellers accepted the buyer's offer. It is now in the 'Pending' status awaiting financing. It is off the market, pending mortgage approval. If the buyers can not qualify for a mortgage, the house will be back on the market usually in 30-60 days. Usually it is sold and you don't have a chance.
1053	OP-Option Pending means that the buyer has paid a fee for the unrestricted right to terminate the contract during the 'option period'. The buyer and seller agree on the amount of the fee and the length of time for the option period.
1054	Active/Pending = Usually that means the seller would like to get more offers. Savvy agents want back-up offers in place. If you made an offer to purchase a property and the seller agreed to the price, but already has a buyer in contract, you would be the 1st position back-up buyer.
1055	If the seller and agent will not show or accept offers on a property for a period of time the status of the listing should be changed to “temporarily withdrawn” (status 8). This will indicate to the cooperating brokers and their client(s) that the seller is not actively soliciting offers and showings for the property.
1056	Bandy The Rodeo Clown (song) Bandy the Rodeo Clown is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artists Sanger D. Shafer and Lefty Frizzell, and made famous by Moe Bandy. It was released in June 1975 as the title track from his third album, and was his final single from GRC Records.
1057	Chords Used. Here are the chords used to play this song. Note that the same four chords are used in both the verse and chorus progressions, though the order is slightly different. Listen to the recordings to get ideas for speed and dynamics (G Love's original album version is faster; Jack's album version is much more subtle).
1058	Rodeo Clowns by G. Love & Special Sauce. This was written by surfer/singer/songwriter Jack Johnson. Johnson played this song for lead singer Garrett Dutton after the two came back from riding the waves together. Love and Special Sauce had already built a huge college-based following, but Johnson was a newcomer.
1059	(x4) The rodeo clowns, yeah yeah yeah Pick me up when I'm down, yeah yeah The rodeo clowns, yeah yeah yeah Pick me up when I'm down, yeah yeah Sweepin' the floors, open up the doors, yeah Turn on the lights, getting' ready for the night Nobodies romancing cause its too early for dancing But here comes the music...
1060	Rodeo Clowns by G. Love %26 Special Sauce Songfacts. This was written by surfer/singer/songwriter Jack Johnson. Johnson played this song for lead singer Garrett Dutton after the two came back from riding the waves together.
1061	With the rest of the clowns. Yeah, yeah. Mmm mmm mmmm mmmm. With the rest of the clowns. Sweepin the floors, open up the doors, Yeah turn on the lights, getting ready for the night. Nobody's romancing, 'cause its too early for dancing.
1062	Advisory - the following lyrics contain explicit language: 1  Sweepin' the floors, open up the doors. 2  Bright light's flashing. 3  With the big man, money man, better then the other man.  The disco ball's spinnin', all the music and the 1  women. Lights out, shut down, late night, wet ground.  Sweepin' the floors, open up the doors,
1063	Yeah, I work all week just to make a draw, Sometimes I don't ride 'em at all. But I'm hooked in and I got to ride that train. When I get down in that chute, I can't keep from thinkin' about all that loot, I'm a ro-do-o de-o de-o cowboy. Bordering on the insane. CHORUS.
1064	Just another night on the town. With the big man, money man, better then the other man. He got the plan, with the million dollar give a damn. What nobody understands. Become a smaller man, the bright lights keep flashin, Women keep on dancing with the clowns, Yeah, yeah, yeah, They pick me up when I'm down, Yeah, yeah, The rodeo clowns. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they pick me up when I'm down. The disco ball's spinnin', all the music and the women.
1065	With the rest of the clowns. Yeah, yeah. With the rest of the clowns. Sweepin' the floors, open up the doors, Yeah turn on the lights, getting ready for the night. Nobody's romancing, 'cause it's too early for dancing.
1066	Step 3: Calculate the base impedance. Step 4: Calculate the per unit impedance. The voltage ratio in equation (3) is not equivalent to transformers voltage ratio. It is the ratio of the transformer’s voltage rating on the primary or secondary side to the system nominal voltage on the same side.
1067	A transformer is an electrical device that transfers electrical energy between two or more circuits through electromagnetic induction. A varying current in one coil of the transformer produces a varying magnetic field, which in turn induces a voltage in a second coil. Power can be transferred between the two coils through the magnetic field, without a metallic connection between the two circuits.
1068	Using the ratings of the generator as base values determine the generated per unit voltage that is required to produce a full load current under short circuit condition. thanks a lot……….com/2011/06/per-unit-system-practice-problem-solved-for-easy-understandi... 1380v generator has an internal impedance Zg of j6 ohms.
1069	The new per unit impedance is obtained by converting the old per unit impedance on old base values to new ones.Practice Problem Solved For Easy Understanding | Power Systems Eng..2 pu For transformer T1: = 0.15 pu For transformer T3: = 0.16 pu For transformer T4: = 0..1495+j1.
1070	A transformer’s leakage impedance is a series element that reﬂects imperfections in. the windings. The real component of the leakage impedance is the resistance of the. windings. Its reactive component is due to leakage ﬂux,i.e. ﬂux in the magnetic circuit. that does not contribute to coupling the windings. Figure1depicts a transformer’s equivalent circuit with impedances referred to the sec-. ondary.
1071	A 20,000 kVA, 110/13.8 kV, Y-δ three phase transformer has a series impedance of 0.02 + j0.08 pu. Find the per-unit impedance of this transformer in a power system with a base apparent power of 500. MVA and a base voltage on the high side of 120 kV. SOLUTION The per-unit impedance to the new base would be: new. 2. given.
1072	It is the ratio of the transformer’s voltage rating on the primary or secondary side to the system nominal voltage on the same side. 10/10/2014 .(1) For T-Line 1: = 484 Ohms For T-Line 2: = 121 Ohms For 3-phase load: = 1...Per Unit System .(2) ………………………………..
1073	According to Faraday's law, since the same magnetic flux passes through both the primary and secondary windings in an ideal transformer, a voltage is induced in each winding, according to eq. (1) in the secondary winding case, according to eq. (2) in the primary winding case.
1074	For example, a motor with a 100 Horsepower (HP) nameplate rating which delivers 90 HP to a. dynamic load is said to be 90% loaded or 0.9 per unit. In this case, the per unit base is the nameplate. horsepower rating of 100. When the motor delivers 90 HP, 90/100 equals 0.9 per unit.
1075	1. Transformers and per unit systems. The reason the per unit system is employed is because it simplifies calculation of currents. Imagine a 3-phase system with a generator, a transformer, a T-line, another transformer, and a load. Every time you cross the transformers, the currents and voltages change.
1076	The continued demand for more Candice has brought her to wider audiences through guest appearances on television shows such as The Today Show, Regis and Kelly, The View, and The Oprah Winfrey Show. Candice spends her free time with her family, skiing in the winter and relaxing at the beach in summer.
1077	As Candice's popularity grew so did the demand for her signature Candice Olson look. This led to the creation of the Candice Olson Collection which includes a broad assortment of beautiful home fashions ranging from furniture, fabric, bedding and wallpaper to area rugs, lighting and accessories.
1078	For the Canadian politician, see Candice Bergen (politician). Candice Patricia Bergen (born May 9, 1946) is an American actress and former fashion model. She won five Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards for her ten seasons as the title character on the CBS sitcom Murphy Brown (1988–98). She is also known for her role as Shirley Schmidt on the ABC drama Boston Legal (2005–08).
1079	Candice Tells All takes a fun look at designer Candice Olson’s fabulous signature makeovers. Viewers tag along as Candice–armed with her trademark sense of humour and a double latte–meets with her army of talented suppliers, sources unique furnishings, and handles unexpected renovation challenges along the way.
1080	As one of North America’s top designers, Candice dishes her best trade secrets while juggling clients, multiple job sites and a personal life! From inspiration to execution, Olson's latest hit show offers a fascinating glimpse into her success.
1081	Candice Olson, Host of HGTV's Divine Design. Candice Olson, known for her luxurious designs, is host of HGTV's Divine Design and Candice Tells All.. candice olson.
1082	Candace Cameron Bure. Candace Cameron was the youngest of four children, born in southern California to Robert and Barbara Cameron. Following in the footsteps of her older brother Kirk Cameron, (who played Mike Seaver for 7 seasons on the hit show Growing Pains (1985)), Candace decided to pursue acting herself. She appeared in several commercials, and guest-starred on ... See full bio ».
1083	Candice's foray into television began when a local TV station profiled one of her award-winning design projects. Her unique approach to residential design and engaging personality led to a weekly stint on the show.
1084	With the goal of showcasing both the beauty and the business side of interior design, Candice launched her first TV show — Divine Design — in 2002. After eight years of number one ratings, Olson launched a second TV show – Candice Tells All — that delved deeper into Candice's design inspiration and process. It also became a number one hit leading the NY Times to announce her as the one to watch. With her shows broadcast in 75 countries around the world, millions have come to know and love Candice's signature style and trademark sense of humor. She is considered to be a pre-eminent design authority and has authored a series of six best-selling interior design books.
1085	As a child, Candice was irritated at being described as Charlie McCarthy's little sister (referring to her father's star dummy). She began appearing on her father's radio program at a young age, and in 1958, at age 11, with her father on Groucho Marx's quiz show You Bet Your Life as Candy Bergen.
1086	Search form. Basic Physical Security Training Program. The NCIS BPSTP is a four-week training program and is a basic training requirement for NCIS Security Training Assistance and Assessment Team (STAAT) personnel.
1087	Security Mentor training is available as a service from Security Mentor's website or as SCORM-compliant lessons hosted on your internal, corporate Learning Management System (LMS). Either way, lesson progress and completion is tracked and reported. See for yourself why Security Mentor's trainees say great, loved it..
1088	The New York State Office of Homeland Security Enhanced Security Guard Training Program is an. extension of previously provided training as governed by New York State Law. Therefore, security. guards participating within this course of instruction must have satisfied all previous training.
1089	Every company needs to have a security program. No matter how large or small your company is, you need to have a plan to ensure the security of your information assets. Such a plan is called a security program by information security professionals.
1090	The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) notes that most security guard employers provide newly hired security guards with job training. Nevertheless, since most states require security guards to be licensed, formal training programs through vocational institutes have become a standard method of training.
1091	Security Mentor's web-based security awareness. training is designed for the way people learn and work. Brief - 10 minute lessons, fit busy schedules. Frequent - keeps security top of mind. Focused - single topic lessons are easy to learn. Delivered - training reminders in your inbox.
1092	Each state has different requirements for the amount and type of training needed, so professionals working in various states may have to go through several training programs. Security guard training programs often must be completed during the first 100 days on the job, though this requirement varies by state. Topics covered during the training programs include basic security techniques, investigations, report writing, patrolling tactics, firearm use and emergency procedures.
1093	The Enhanced Security Guard Program is intended to support and complement the current security guard. training and counter terrorism efforts in the State of New York. Through this program, security guards. will gain an increased level of training and knowledge pertaining to security concerns and terrorism.
1094	Every company needs to have a security program. (From the Q3 2008 issue of The Barking Seal) No matter how large or small your company is, you need to have a plan to ensure the security of your information assets. Such a plan is called a security program by information security professionals.
1095	New York State Enhanced Security Guard Training Program, Plan of Instruction 4. Version: 08/25/06. Foreword. Purpose: The Enhanced Security Guard Training Program is intended to support and complement the. existing security guard training and counter terrorism efforts in New York State by providing training and.
1096	Central Nervous System Facts. 1  The central nervous system consists of the brain and spinal cord (see Multimedia File 1).  The brain plays a central role in the control of most bodily functions, including awareness, movements, sensations, thoughts, speech, and memory.
1097	1 Pictures of the Central Nervous System. 2  The central nervous system consists of the brain and spinal cord (see Multimedia File 1).  The brain plays a central role in the control of most bodily functions, including awareness, movements, sensations, thoughts, speech, and memory.
1098	1 The central nervous system consists of the brain and spinal cord (see Multimedia File 1).  The brain plays a central role in the control of most bodily functions, including awareness, movements, sensations, thoughts, speech, and memory.
1099	1 Peripheral Nervous System. 2  Pictures of the Central Nervous System. 3  The central nervous system consists of the brain and spinal cord (see Multimedia File 1).  The brain plays a central role in the control of most bodily functions, including awareness, movements, sensations, thoughts, speech, and memory.
1100	Co-developed by: The nervous system has two major parts: the central nervous system (CNS) and the peripheral nervous system (PNS). The central system is the primary command center for the body, and is comprised of the brain and spinal cord. The peripheral nervous system consists of a network of nerves that connects the rest of the body to the CNS.
1101	Most systems and organs of the body control just one function, but the central nervous system does many jobs at the same time. It controls all voluntary movement, such as speech and walking, and involuntary movements, such as blinking and breathing. It is also the core of our thoughts, perceptions, and emotions.
1102	1 The Spinal Cord. 2  Peripheral Nervous System. 3  Pictures of the Central Nervous System. 4  The central nervous system consists of the brain and spinal cord (see Multimedia File 1).  The brain plays a central role in the control of most bodily functions, including awareness, movements, sensations, thoughts, speech, and memory.
1103	The central nervous system (CNS) controls most functions of the body and mind. It consists of two parts: the brain and the spinal cord. The brain is the center of our thoughts, the interpreter of our external environment, and the origin of control over body movement.
1104	In Depth: Nervous. The nervous system has two major parts: the central nervous system (CNS) and the peripheral nervous system (PNS). The central system is the primary command center for the body, and is comprised of the brain and spinal cord. The peripheral nervous system consists of a network of nerves that connects the rest of the body to the CNS.
1105	Definition of Central nervous system (CNS) Central nervous system (CNS): The central nervous system is that part of the nervous system that consists of the brain and spinal cord. The central nervous system (CNS) is one of the two major divisions of the nervous system. The other is the peripheral nervous system (PNS) which is outside the brain and spinal cord. The peripheral nervous system (PNS) connects the central nervous system (CNS) to sensory organs (such as the eye and ear), other organs of the body, muscles, blood vessels and glands.
1106	corporate in Accounting. Corporate means relating to large companies, or to a particular large company. Interest rates are higher for corporate clients than for private clients.The economy is growing, and corporate profits are rising.Corporate means relating to large companies, or to a particular large company.
1107	We do not easily realise the corporate character of life in those days. Hannibal in 1839 was already a corporate community and had an atmosphere of its own. I feel as if I were part of a corporate body, which leads to misplaced decorum. In the United States the railways are now owned by corporate companies. Borne by Corporate and other Bodies and Communities, as cities, colleges, &c. They had about one second in which to absorb this vision of corporate purpose.
1108	Corporate means relating to large companies, or to a particular large company. Interest rates are higher for corporate clients than for private clients. The economy is growing, and corporate profits are rising. Corporate means relating to large companies, or to a particular large company. Collins English Dictionary.
1109	Corporate sales are also called B2B sales, or business-to-business, sales. On the other hand,... Corporate sales are the sales that a company makes to another company through its everyday transactions. Corporate sales are also called B2B sales, or business-to-business, sales. On the other hand,...
1110	Corporate means relating to business corporations or to a particular business corporation.
1111	Corporate often becomes their first name. A.K.A -- Golden Boy An up and coming superstar at a company that takes part in all company events and buys into corporate propaganda no matter how ridiculous. Often wears a tie to work even though it's business casual. Corporate often becomes their first name.
1112	In this case, the tire company acts as an intermediary has has corporate sales as a part of their accounting books. Wholesale sellers are another example of a type of corporate that makes its profits from corporate sales.
1113	A: Corporate sales are the sales that a company makes to another company through its everyday transactions. Corporate sales are also called B2B sales, or business-to-business, sales. On the other hand, if sales are made directly to the end consumer, these are called business-to-consumer, or B2C, sales.
1114	Quick Answer. Corporate sales are the sales that a company makes to another company through its everyday transactions. Corporate sales are also called B2B sales, or business-to-business, sales. On the other hand, if sales are made directly to the end consumer, these are called business-to-consumer, or B2C, sales.
1115	Whenever I hear the word corporate, I get the image of indoctrinated people working on bog standard computers within an eternal sea of cubicles. Each individual works continually with no expression. They simply do the job they are assigned to. They have no personal identity, only a corporate identity. Every aspect of their being has been conditioned so they are only compatible within a corporate environment. Every aspect of their lives is an extensive marketing campaign. They eat at McDonald's.
1116	The numbers make Collin County: One of the fastest growing counties in Texas and the U.S. The 6th most populous county in Texas; Among counties with more than a half-million people, the highest sustained growth rate since the last Census in 2000. Current Local Economics. Industry & Occupation
1117	Population growth and foreign-born population. Between 1970 and 1990, McKinney experienced moderate population growth, from 15,193 in the 1970 census, to 21,283 in the 1990 census. Since then, McKinney's rate of increase has been much more dramatic. In the 2000 census, McKinney had grown to 54,369 and to 131,117 in the 2010 census.
1118	Other colleges/universities with over 2000 students near McKinney: 1  The University of Texas at Dallas (about 16 miles; Richardson, TX; Full-time enrollment: 16,777) 2  Richland College (about 20 miles; Dallas, TX; FT enrollment: 11,617) 3  Brookhaven College (about 23 miles; Farmers Branch, TX; FT enrollment: 6,868)
1119	Population of McKinney, TX. Last official estimated population of McKinney city (Collin County**, Texas state) was 156,767 (year 2014)[1]. This was 0.049% of total US population and 0.57% of total Texas state population. Area of McKinney city is 62.8 mi² (=162.8 km²) [6], in this year population density was 2,494.38 p/mi². If population growth rate would be same as in period 2010-2014 (+4.57%/yr), McKinney city population in 2018 would be 187,435*.
1120	In McKinney, 19.3% of people are of Hispanic or Latino origin. Please note: Hispanics may be of any race, so also are included in any/all of the applicable race categories above. Languages spoken
1121	Hampton Inn & Suites McKinney, 2008 N Central Expy, Mckinney, Texas 75069 , Phone: (972) 542-6622 TownePlace Suites McKinney, 1832 Market Pl, Mckinney, Texas 75069 , Phone: (214) 726-9030 All 9 fire-safe hotels and motels in McKinney, Texas Most commonly used house heating fuel:
1122	74.81%. 1  Graph: Population by Age and Race - Mckinney, Texas. 2  Graph: Population by Age and Race, 2000 Census - Mckinney, Texas. 3  Graph: Change in Population between 2000 and 2010, by Age and Race - Mckinney, Texas. 4  Graph: Population by Age and Hispanic or Latino Origin, 2010 Census - Mckinney, Texas.
1123	McKinney is a city in and the county seat of Collin County, Texas, and the second in population to Plano. It is part of the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, and is located about 37 miles (60 km) north of Dallas.
1124	In civilian labor force, total, percent of population age 16 years+, 2011-2015: 69.8%: In civilian labor force, female, percent of population age 16 years+, 2011-2015: 63.1%: Total accommodation and food services sales, 2012 ($1,000) 233,563: Total health care and social assistance receipts/revenue, 2012 ($1,000) 618,368
1125	Current Population Estimate: 173,489 (as of February 1, 2018) Monthly Population Estimates and Projections; Subscribe to the monthly population update distribution list. Quick Facts
1126	To a large extent, the future of the Internet of things will not be possible without the support of IPv6; and consequently, the global adoption of IPv6 in the coming years will be critical for the successful development of the IoT in the future. Short-range wireless Edit
1127	Everything is Online. As already mentioned in the introduction, the Internet of Things means literally connecting things to the World Wide Web to make them remotely accessible. Right now, the Internet of Things is mostly made up of mobile devices such as phones, tablets, or computers. You know, things we use to access the online world.
1128	Internet of things. The Internet of Things (IoT) is the inter-networking of physical devices, vehicles (also referred to as connected devices and smart devices), buildings, and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity which enable these objects to collect and exchange data.
1129	Here are some ideas of connection WordPress and real-world things: 1  A bell that goes off whenever there’s a new comment, sale, or plugin update on your site. 2  An IoT lamp that lights up when you receive or answer a new ticket. 3  Push notifications if the site is down or there’s another security problem.
1130	(Note that some things in the Internet of things will be sensors, and sensor location is usually important.) The GeoWeb and Digital Earth are promising applications that become possible when things can become organized and connected by location.
1131	The consequences of this development for the world at large are staggering: 1  A typical family of four is expected to have 50 connected devices in 2022, double the number of 2017. 2  By the same year, 30 billion such devices are to expected to exist. 3  As a consequence, the Internet of Things will become a trillion industry.
1132	The Internet of things (IoT) is the network of physical devices, vehicles, home appliances and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity which enables these objects to connect and exchange data.
1133	Security experts view Internet of things as a threat to the traditional Internet. Some argue that market incentive to secure IoT devices is insufficient and increased governmental regulation is necessary to make the Internet of things secure. The overall understanding of IoT is essential for basic user security.
1134	To a large extent, the future of the Internet of things will not be possible without the support of IPv6; and consequently the global adoption of IPv6 in the coming years will be critical for the successful development of the IoT in the future.
1135	In this context, three main areas are being covered in literature: 1  The integration of the internet with building energy management systems in order to create energy efficient and IOT driven “smart buildings”. 2  The possible means of real-time monitoring for reducing energy consumption and monitoring occupant behaviors.
1136	DreamWorks Animation Storyboard Artist average salary is $109,200, median salary is $109,200 with a salary range from $109,200 to $109,200. DreamWorks Animation Storyboard Artist salaries are collected from government agencies and companies. Each salary is associated with a real job position. DreamWorks Animation Storyboard Artist salary statistics is not exclusive and is for reference only. They are presented as is and updated regularly.
1137	East/West coast salaries may be similar (comparing L.A./San Francisco cost of living to NYC), but in my experience with other employers in other industries, Central locations tend to cut annual salaries in half due to what employers in this area consider a much lower cost of living.
1138	Because studios can have pecking order, even a 20 year + vet like myself can be told I'd get $700 a week at one place (because they've never worked with me before) and $2000 a week at another--just because they do things differently.
1139	For example the median expected annual pay for a typical Graphic Design Specialist in the United States is $51,754, so 50% of the people who perform the job of Graphic Design Specialist in the United States are expected to make less than $51,754. Source: HR Reported data as of October 2015. 1  Salary. 2  Salary + Bonus.
1140	This chart describes the expected percentage of people who perform the job of Graphic Design Specialist that make less than that salary. For example 50% of the people who perform the job of Graphic Design Specialist are expected to make less than the median.
1141	A total of 321 real salary data listed for Dreamworks Animation.
1142	Graphic artists/designers report to the supervisor or director of their department, so a marketing director would be an example of their boss. Their work environment is frequently inside of in an office or boardroom. Working hours are generally regular business hours, Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Requirements for becoming a graphic artist/designer are a bachelor's degree in graphic art or design and a portfolio of works produced. Many jobs also require previous job experience in the field. Graphic artists/designers are fortunate in that they may work with the ideas they dream about, while others may think of these ideas as just fantasies.
1143	A Graphic Artist / Designer earns an average salary of $40,147 per year.
1144	Don't forget that talent and experience and education figures into this. Someone with 20 years experience can negotiate a better contract than someone with 2 years in the biz. Starting salaries apply to someone just starting at that company, not necessarily starting in the industry.
1145	DreamWorks Animation Storyboard Artist salary is full-time annual starting salary. Intern, contractor and hourly pay scale vary from regular exempt employee. Compensation depends on work experience, job location, bonus, benefits and other factors.
1146	A burning sensation is a type of pain that’s distinct from dull, stabbing, or aching pain. A burning pain is often related to nerve problems. However, there are many other possible causes. Injuries, infections, and autoimmune disorders have the potential to trigger nerve pain, and in some cases cause nerve damage.
1147	Using Flammable Hand Sanitizer. 1  1. Be extremely careful. 2  2. Buy a flammable variety of hand sanitizer. 3  3. Take the proper safety precautions.  4. Spread a thin layer of alcohol-based sanitizer on the concrete and ignite 1  it. 5. Run one finger quickly through the sanitizer.  6. Put the flame out by snapping your wrist forcefully.
1148	Using a Butane Lighter. 1  1. Take safety precautions. 2  2. Ball up one hand, leaving a gap between your pinkie and your palm. Make a fist, but leave enough space to insert the end of the lighter into it comfortably. 3  3. Insert the end of the lighter into your fist.  4. Hold the button down for about 5 seconds.
1149	Daftydil wrote: For a couple of weeks I have had a complete burning sensation in my right hand. As I have somesort of anxiety disorder I thought it was that and my imagination overacting. Today the pain is unbearable and had to sit with ice in my hand. It looks like a burn- yet I know for sure that I have not burnt my hand.
1150	My hands feel like they are being slow roasted over a fire. They aren't hot to the touch, but they are burning, especially in the palm area and where my finger joints are. Sometimes they also tingle, but the burning sensation is the strongest by far. There is no rash and my hands are not swollen.
1151	I tried washing my hands in Dawn diswashing liquid...nothing I put vinegar on them..only short term relief. I finally just put ice in a ziploc bag and held it till my hands were numb. It took about 8-10 hours for the burning to quit and this was a teeny tiny hab about the size of a nickle. I am buying plastic gloves today when I go to town. Thanks again everyone.
1152	What you can do now. Many conditions that cause a burning sensation have no cure, but treatments can make a big difference in reducing the pain and any other symptoms. You should see your doctor so you can receive a diagnosis and treatment for the problem that may be causing your burning sensation.
1153	If you are going to do a lot of chili's your hands can start burning even if you are wearing gloves. I where double gloves not if I have a lot. If you are wearing gloves even if your hands aren't burning you can still have some on your hands when you take off the gloves.
1154	Using gloves for this trick is best, and it's also important to have a bucket of water on hand, in case you need to put out fire. Find a suitable flameproof surface on which to work. You need to go outside to do this trick, preferably on a patch of concrete far away from anything flammable. The flatter, the better.
1155	1 doctor agreed: 1  Likely dermatitis: This sounds like a contact dermatitis from a substance you're coming in contact with like a hand cream or soap or a set of gloves you are using. See your doctor or a dermatologist. 2  Burning hands: On the hands the most common causes of redness and burning are chemical irritation of some sort. It can come from soaps, creams, solvents at work or cleaning agents, medicines, possibly something like poison ivy, rarely from a systemic disorder like vasculitis. ...Read more.
1156	Right now, he has 6oz. of formula every 3 hours. A: Whatever feeding schedule gets the most food into your baby with the least amount of hassles is the right one for you and your baby. Remember, feeding your baby is a social interaction, not just delivery of food.
1157	Lastly, teeth appear around six months. So, if your baby is not happy about solids at four months, wait a month or two and try again. All his nutritional needs can be met by the infant formula (figure approximately two ounces of formula per pound of baby's weight).
1158	1- Make a bottle of formula (6 ounces). Take one ounce from bottle and add to one tablespoon of single grain rice cereal in a bowl. Use a soft ended spoon to mix and feed (let baby taste it at first).Make sure he is sitting up with you or in a chair. 2- Feed this cereal mix 1x per day at evening not close to bed. Do this for five days.
1159	Watch for any reactions. 4- After that, feed 2 tablespoons of single grain oatmeal + 1 1/2 ounces of formula once a day. ALSO, continue feeding rice cereal + formula once a day... so he will be eating solids two times a day. I usually did one time mid morning and the second at night to space it out. 5- Feed with the oatmeal (+ rice cereal for 2nd feeding) for 5 days.
1160	1. Begin with rice cereal on days 1,2 and 3, offering it twice daily at breakfast and dinnertime. Rice cereal can be mixed with water or milk(breast or formula) to make a thin oatmeal like consistency. The infant should be offered a rubberized spoon. During these first three days, offer 3-4 tablespoons at a time but be flexible. Some infants will be very hungry and want more- that's OK.
1161	Q. My 5-month-old baby has been eating four times a day. She totals 32oz of formula and one scoop of rice with each meal. She also has 1TBS of carrots during two of those feedings.
1162	The term feeding schedule varies greatly according to the temperament of your baby and the time management of the caregiver. There is some merit to putting baby on a predictable feeding schedule. Offer solids at the time of the day when your baby seems the hungriest and you have the most time. Mornings are usually the time when most formula-fed babies eat the most.
1163	Once you get up to 3-4 tablespoons of cereal and a fruit and vegetable at one meal, then it is usually time to introduce another meal during the day, with the goal of 3 regular meals by the time your baby is about 7-8 months old.
1164	Infants who are very premature(Less than 35 weeks) may not be ready for solids at age 4 months and may be more ready at 5 or 6 months of age depending on their degree of prematurity and other circumstances.
1165	We prefer parents to use the infant's hunger cues as a guide to how much to feed, since the infant's appetite will vary from meal to meal. A rough estimate is as follows: Age 4 mon-offer 2-4 total ounces per feed, Age 5 mon-offer 4-8 ounces total per meal, Age 6 mon-offer 6-12 ounces total per meal.
1166	Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages thoughtful and constructive comments. We ask that you stay focused on the story topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, illegal contents and advertisement posts. Comments are not reviewed before they are posted.
1167	Their ES was the top-rated compact premium car while the GX was the No. 1 midsize premium SUV. Their CT and RX were both strong competitor as well. This is the fourth consecutive year Lexus has been the best in J.D. Power’s Vehicle Dependability Study. SEE ALSO: Top 10 Best Car Dealership Brands. One other thing worth noting is GM’s overall performance.
1168	VDS focuses on long-term reliability by monitoring defects, malfunctions and design-related issues with three-year old vehicles still being driven by their original owners. Dependability is scored in problems per 100 vehicles. In other words, its a look at the most reliable car brands.
1169	Senior citizens who have retired may suddenly find themselves with spare time and an interest in taking up a hobby, such as owning a classic car.
1170	With 274-horsepower from its 2.3-liter inline-4 and up to 25 miles-per-gallon highway, the Mazdaspeed6 is one of the ultimate sleeper sedans. And with all-wheel-drive, it’s one of our top picks for an ultimate winter car that can be used year-round.
1171	The Volkswagen Passat 4Motion is one of the most underrated all-weather cars on the used market. Boasting a similar system to the legendary Audi all-wheel-drivers, the Passat 4Motion is extremely capable in the harshest of conditions.
1172	If you can look past its bargain interior and anonymous exterior, the Suzuki SX4 is one of the most reliable and affordable all-wheel-drive cars.
1173	I bet you didn’t know that for the last 7 years, before the company’s recent departure from the U.S. car market, Suzuki offered one of the most capable and affordable all-wheel-drive cars.
1174	Chevrolet. Making it in the top 10 is Chevrolet. The bow-tie brand ended up with a score of 123 problems per 100 vehicles (tying with GMC), quite a bit better than the industry average of 147; remember, lower is better, just like LDL cholesterol.
1175	But if you’re not in the market for a brand new car, fret not! We’ve found 7 of the best used all-wheel-drive cars for under $10,000 that will soldier on for thousands more traction-filled miles.
1176	2. kingoapp Root Software [Roots with or Without a Computer] kingoapp root software solution is just as effective as Vroot, although I have recorded more success with the former, I still rate it as highly as any other all_in_one root solution for android devices.
1177	Wise Method To Get Root Android With Pc - Sony Xperia With One Click Root. Rooting is jailbreaking for Androids, and permits buyers to jump greater as a phone’s sub-system. Fundamentally, it will enable you to access your whole platform and tailor-make nearly anything to your Android.
1178	kingoapp is a big player among computer software to root and unroot any android phone. It works seamlessly with all major brands of Android phones, tablets and other devices. Kingo root app works best for computers that are connected to the internet.
1179	Fortunately, it’s quite easy to remove root and/or set your phone back to its stock state, should you need to send your phone in for repairs. That is, as long as the phone is in working order and you can actually modify it to its stock state.
1180	Thanks for A2A. There is no any rooting software which is best as there is no such a rooting software which is universal. However, some rooting softwares are famous and support a lots of devices. Here are some of them:
1181	Smart Method To Get Root My Mobile - Sony Xperia With One Click Root. Rooting is jailbreaking for Androids, and lets folks to plunge greater in to a phone’s sub-solution. Fundamentally, it’ll allow you to admittance the full os and individualize just about anything within your Google android.
1182	SRS-Root is an easy to use solution for rooting your android device, the software contains multiple exploits to gain root access on your device. Let’s start with why you would want to root your Android smartphone. Sometimes apps require special permission that the Android OS, which is based on Linux doesn’t allow.
1183	Root access is even needed if you want to install trivial things like certain custom fonts, and can unlock new features in certain apps and launchers. The actual method required to root your phone will vary from model to model, so we can’t possibly cover them all.
1184	How to Root Android with Kingo App. 1  Download the latest version of Kingoapp from here or from the mirror website at http://kingoroot.org/kingo-root. 2  Ensure that your phone or computer is connected to the internet. 3  Install the Kingoapp or rooting software (depending on if you are rooting with or without the PC).
1185	Great Way To Get Root Android - Lg With One Click Root. Rooting is jailbreaking for Androids, and enables buyers to jump further right into a phone’s sub-method. In reality, it will enables you to find the entire operating system and customize anything in your own Android operating system.
1186	When she walked on stage in front of 500,000 people at Woodstock 40 years ago, she was an unknown 19-year-old folk singer. She sang Beautiful People to the beautiful people, as the hippies of the time were called. 'I was just about as unworldly as a girl could be,' she recalls now.
1187	Forty far-out facts you never knew about Woodstock. Woodstock, the most famous music festival in rock 'n' roll history, took place 40 years ago on August 15-18, 1969. To celebrate, here are 40 things you didn't know about it...
1188	The Woodstock Music & Art Fair—informally, the Woodstock Festival or simply Woodstock—was a music festival attracting an audience of over 400,000 people, scheduled over three days on a dairy farm in New York state from August 15 to 17, 1969, but ultimately ran four days long, ending August 18, 1969.
1189	WOODSTOCK BANDS & PERFORMERS: THE PLAYLIST LINEUP. This page is dedicated to the original Woodstock 1969 playlist of bands. The Woodstock lineup is one of the most legendary in history. The hottest and most diverse collection of bands of 1969 gathered here and created a playlist that would forever shape music to come.
1190	(It actually took place in Bethel, which is about an hour and a half southwest, close to Narrowsburg.) That didn’t stop Woodstock from becoming a bohemian destination though; for many years, the streets were lined in touristy gift stores and head shops.
1191	Kornfeld and Lang agreed to the new plan, and Woodstock Ventures was formed in January 1969. The company offices were located in an oddly decorated floor of 47 West 57th Street in Manhattan. Burt Cohen, and his design group, Curtain Call Productions, oversaw the psychedelic transformation of the office.
1192	Woodstock was initiated through the efforts of Michael Lang, John Roberts, Joel Rosenman, and Artie Kornfeld. Roberts and Rosenman financed the project. Lang had some experience as a promoter, having co-organized a small festival on the East Coast the prior year, the Miami Pop Festival, where an estimated 25,000 people attended the two-day event.
1193	For many, the word Woodstock conjures up images of tie dye, hippies, and free love at the 3-day outdoor music festival… that did not actually take place here.
1194	Where to Stay in Woodstock: Cabin on a Stream, or Groovy Boutique Hotel. We recently spent three days and nights at Woodstock Way, a rustic-chic cabin retreat in the heart of Woodstock. Our cabin, The Lone Wolf, was the perfect place to cozy up and disappear for the weekend.
1195	The Set List of Bands that Played at Woodstock 1969: Click the band or performer’s name to read their Woodstock Story and watch the performance. Day 1: Friday, August 15 1969. Richie Havens > Playlist.
1196	The process of moving you to acceptance is easy to describe and to understand. However, it can be a challenge to experience acceptance. In order to experience acceptance, we need to change our attitude. In order to change our attitude, we need to change our altitude. Moving out of judgment to acceptance requires an attitude of gratitude.
1197	Acceptance in human psychology is a person's assent to the reality of a situation, recognizing a process or condition (often a negative or uncomfortable situation) without attempting to change it or protest it. The concept is close in meaning to 'acquiescence', derived from the Latin 'acquiēscere' (to find rest in).
1198	An Unconditional Acceptance of what is just as choosing to resist what is are nothing more than choices that we ourselves have been provided the right as well as the ability to make which determine what The Flow delivers to us individually. The Flow never rests...the process of attraction never fails. It's the nature of the Universe to multiply and consistently supply an abundance of whatever we choose for ourselves. In fact, faith and abundance is all there is. The Power of Acceptance is far more than a feel good philosophy.
1199	The term acceptance is a noun with three different meanings. The first is the act of taking or receiving something offered. For example, if someone gives a gift and another receives it, then they have accepted the gift; therefore, having acceptance.
1200	One of the first responsibilities of the executive sponsor is to select the production acceptance process owner. The process owner should be a member of the infrastructure organization since most of the ongoing activities of operating and supporting a new production application fall within this group.
1201	One of the ﬁrst responsibilities of the executive sponsor is to select the. production acceptance process owner. The process owner should be a. member of the infrastructure organization since most of the ongoing. activities of operating and supporting a new production application fall.
1202	When a production acceptance process is designed and implemented, particularly in environments that have never had one, there is normally a major change in the manner in which application systems are deployed.
1203	This chapter. deﬁnes the process of production acceptance and describes many of the. beneﬁts this process provides to a variety of groups both inside and out-. side of IT. The middle sections of this chapter discuss each of the 14. steps required to design and implement an effective production accept-. ance process.
1204	Consciously choosing The Power of Acceptance enables and. empowers you to go with rather than against The Flow. The Power of Acceptance and your willingness to consciously activate it's power in every aspect of your life is the often overlooked key to experiencing a quality of life that surpasses common human logic.
1205	The function of systems management that addresses this challenge is production acceptance. Production Acceptance: Production acceptance is a methodology used to consistently and successfully deploy application systems into a production environment regardless of platform.
1206	On Monday October 28th, James B. Comey was officially recognized as the FBI’s new director. Comey assumed the position in September succeeding Robert Mueller, who had been the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s director for 12 years. Comey was selected for the role by President Barack Obama. The White House Press Secretary Office published Obama’s remarks made at Monday’s ceremony. An excerpt reads:
1207	Today's top cartoons. Daily business briefing. President Obama is reportedly preparing to nominate James B. Comey, a high-ranking Justice Department official during the George W. Bush administration, to replace FBI Director Robert Mueller III, whose already extended 10-year term expires in September.
1208	It's worth noting that, if confirmed as FBI director, Comey will be essentially untouchable by the White House, says Ambinder at The Week. His instincts to stand up to presidents trying to expand their power may — may — mean that Comey will rein in the excesses of FBI surveillance authority..
1209	Comey testifies on Capitol Hill in 2007. President Obama is reportedly preparing to nominate James B. Comey, a high-ranking Justice Department official during the George W. Bush administration, to replace FBI Director Robert Mueller III, whose already extended 10-year term expires in September.
1210	James Brien Jim Comey, Jr. (born December 14, 1960) is an American lawyer and the current Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Comey was the United States Deputy Attorney General from December 2003 to August 2005, serving in President George W. Bush's administration.
1211	In early 2013, he left Bridgewater to become a Senior Research Scholar and a Hertog Fellow on National Security Law at Columbia Law School in New York City. He served on the Board of Directors of HSBC Holdings until July 2013. In September 2013, Comey was appointed Director of the FBI by President Barack Obama.
1212	Which president appointed FBI Director James Comey? Answer Wiki. James Comey was appointed by to the office of the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation by President Barack Obama in June of 2013, with rumors speculating that this would happen about a month earlier. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 29, 2013, and assumed the office at 4:32 pm on September 4th, 2013. he will serve a ten year term. Before being the director of the FBI, Comey was the United States Deputy Attorney General under George W. Bush and ran the day-to-day operations for the Department of Justice.
1213	Comey was confirmed by the Senate on July 29, 2013, for a full ten-year term running the Federal Bureau of Investigation. He was sworn in as FBI director at 4:32 pm on September 4, 2013.
1214	In May 2013, it was reported, and in June 2013 it was made official, that President Barack Obama would nominate Comey to be the next Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, replacing outgoing director Robert Mueller.
1215	In 2013, President Obama nominated James Comey to position of Director of FBI, and Senate confirmed the nomination.
1216	For instance, some calcium supplements may also contain vitamin D or magnesium. Check the ingredient list to see which form of calcium your calcium supplement is and what other nutrients it may contain. This information is important if you have any health or dietary concerns.
1217	Calcium is essential for strong bones and teeth, and it's also necessary for your nerves to function and your muscles to contract and relax properly. You get that calcium from the foods you eat. While there are many non-dairy foods that are rich in calcium, dairy is such an excellent source of calcium that it qualifies as a food group. According to the United States Department of Agriculture, you need about three servings of dairy every day. The downside of dairy is that it can be high in saturated fat.
1218	1 To increase your magnesium, eat whole grains, vegetables such as summer squash, green beans, broccoli, cucumbers, and spinach, and nuts and seeds.  Adult women under 30 need 310 milligrams a day, while women over 30 need 320 milligrams. Men need 400 milligrams before 30 and 420 milligrams after 30.
1219	1 Many dairy products, such as butter, cheese, and milk have vitamin D. Fortified cereals and fish are also good sources of this vitamin.  For adults under 70 years of age, 600 international units of vitamin D per day is sufficient. Adults over 70 should consume 800 international units.
1220	More isn't always better: Too much calcium has risks. Dietary calcium is generally safe, but more isn't necessarily better, and excessive calcium doesn't provide extra bone protection. If you take calcium supplements and eat calcium-fortified foods, you may be getting more calcium than you realize.
1221	Make sure you are getting enough magnesium in your daily diet to help absorb the calcium supplements you're taking. To increase your magnesium, eat whole grains, vegetables such as summer squash, green beans, broccoli, cucumbers, and spinach, and nuts and seeds.
1222	Calcium supplements aren't for everyone. For instance, if you have a health condition that causes excess calcium in your bloodstream (hypercalcemia), you should avoid calcium supplements. It's not definitive, but there may be a link between calcium supplements and heart disease.
1223	To calculate the amount of calcium in your diet, you need to keep track of your food using a food journal. Basically, you write down everything you eat in a day, including the serving size. Then you can calculate the amount of calcium in the foods you ate. For instance, a cup of yogurt has 415 milligrams of calcium.
1224	You can use more yogurt (and more calcium) to thicken your smoothie bowl, too. Smoothie bowls are often made with fresh berries -- not only for good nutrition but also for the gorgeous colors. Make your smoothie bowl a work or art by topping it with nuts, seeds, granola and dried or fresh fruit.
1225	Even if you eat a healthy, balanced diet, you may find it difficult to get enough calcium if you: 1  Follow a vegan diet. 2  Have lactose intolerance and limit dairy products.  Consume large amounts of protein or sodium, which can cause your body to excrete more calcium.
1226	Shredding important documents like your MSN, Explanation of Benefits (EOB), other statements, and bills will ensure that thieves cannot get their hands on this sensitive information. • Reviewing your MSN is one of the best ways that you can help detect potential errors and fraud.
1227	It is important to immediately open and read your MSN to make sure that you have received all of the services listed. • Use the Personal Health Care Journal, which you can obtain from your local SMP, to keep a record of medical visits, tests, receipts for services, and equipment you have received.
1228	You’ll get your MSN every 3 months if you get any services or medical supplies during that 3-month period. If you don’t get any services or medical supplies during that 3-month period you won’t get an MSN for that particular 3-month period.
1229	• Review your MSN and compare it to your receipts, records and Personal Health Care Journal. If you notice any mistakes, or have questions, report them immediately! Call your provider or health plan with your questions. If you still have unanswered questions, call your local SMP.
1230	Explaining the Medicare Summary Notice. When you are enrolled in Medicare, and you receive health services, the health care provider directly bills Medicare. The Medicare program pays your health care provider for her services. You then receive a Medicare Summary Notice (MSN), describing the services and cost of service. The MSN is a not a bill to you, but you should spend some time reviewing the information, nonetheless.
1231	• Protecting your personal information is the first line of defense against fraud. Although you should save your Medicare Summary Notices and related statements, make sure to shred them when they are no longer useful.
1232	1 If you paid a bill before you got your notice, compare your MSN with the bill to make sure you paid the right amount for your services. 2  If an item or service is denied, call your doctor’s or other health care provider's office to make sure they submitted the correct information. 3  If not, the office may resubmit.
1233	The Medicare Summary Notice contains a summary of your benefits for Medicare, including Part A, Part B and Part C. In mid-2013, the federal government redesigned the Medicare Summary Notice. Based on the results of a study of Medicare recipients, several changes were made that make the MSN easier to read and understand.
1234	It's not a bill. It’s a notice that people with Original Medicare get in the mail every 3 months for their Medicare Part A and Part B-covered services.
1235	Medicare Summary Notice. A notice sent to a patient by Medicare showing all the services or supplies that providers and suppliers billed to Medicare during the prior 3-month period, what Medicare paid, and what the patient owes the provider.
1236	Men can naturally get rid of their mustache by shaving it. For women, shaving is not the best option because the hair grows back quickly. Repeat shaving is a nuisance and irritates the skin.Sugaring is a better option to remove unwanted facial hair.Similar to waxing, the result can last one to two weeks and the hair that grows back is soft.pply a layer of the sugar mixture to a small area of your mustache. Spread the mixture in the direction of the hair growth, from the bottom of your nose down toward your upper lip. Cover the hairs completely. Place a cotton strip over the sugar mixture. Use downward strokes to help the strip adhere to the mixture.
1237	Choose a cream bleach for facial hair. Cream bleach is appropriate for lightening hairs that are not completely black, just dark. It lasts for up to 2 weeks. Be sure to only choose bleach that is recommended for use on the face; since the skin here is so sensitive, you have to be extra careful to avoid irritation. Don't go in the sun for 24 hrs after waxing to prevent your upper lip from getting a dark pigment. 2  If you happen to be a girl that has enough upper-lip hair that you feel you must do something about it, consider using tweezers to remove the hair. 3  It is an easy process to master with just a bit of practice.
1238	4. Apply the bleach to your mustache area. The cream should come with an applicator, but if it doesn’t, use a popsicle stick or put on gloves and use a finger. Be very careful not to get it on your lip itself or near the delicate skin in your nostrils, which can cause your skin to react. Don't go in the sun for 24 hrs after waxing to prevent your upper lip from getting a dark pigment. 2  If you happen to be a girl that has enough upper-lip hair that you feel you must do something about it, consider using tweezers to remove the hair. 3  It is an easy process to master with just a bit of practice.
1239	If you are in a hurry and want to get rid of the unsightly stain, you can learn how to cover upper lip shadows with makeup too. Now you know how to remove a female moustache shadow or upper lip shadow, you may want some tips on how to lighten a female moustache or how to bleach a female moustache naturally.he causes of moustache shadows often result from bad habits such as overexposure to the sun or routines that change your hormonal balance. Next, at OneHowTo.com we'll explain the most common causes of a dark shadow on the upper lip. 1  One reason is due to plucking or waxing, without applying sunscreen.
1240	Many women who have dark hair on their upper lip want to get rid of a female mustache, and they have several options.Common treatments include bleaching, waxing, and depilation. Others might prefer a more permanent laser or electrolysis treatment.op 10 facts about the world. Many women who have dark hair on their upper lip want to get rid of a female mustache, and they have several options. Common treatments include bleaching, waxing, and depilation. Others might prefer a more permanent laser or electrolysis treatment.
1241	Top 10 facts about the world. Many women who have dark hair on their upper lip want to get rid of a female mustache, and they have several options. Common treatments include bleaching, waxing, and depilation. Others might prefer a more permanent laser or electrolysis treatment.op 10 facts about the world. Many women who have dark hair on their upper lip want to get rid of a female mustache, and they have several options. Common treatments include bleaching, waxing, and depilation. Others might prefer a more permanent laser or electrolysis treatment.
1242	In addition, tomatoes can help to soften and reduce mustache hair on the face. Thanks to these characteristics, using tomato to remove the mustache is a wise measure. Before using tomato to remove mustache, you need to wash your face and exfoliate your skin to prevent ingrown hairs.Cut a juicy tomato into 2 pieces and rub them gently over the entire face, focusing on the corners of the mouth. Massage your skin gently for about 3 to 5 minutes and then wash your face with cool water.f you can keep applying this method regularly for about 3 times per week, you will see the hairs on the corners of the mouth reduced and faded away. This is the first tip on how to get rid of mustache hair on women that I would like to introduce in the article today.
1243	Hey cutie, yeah you! Open me up for more information! ---------------------------------------- ­------. To sum up this video its basically How To Get Rid Of That Ugly Mustache Without Waxing in a very inepensive way. About $5 in the drugstore & the product will last for months.It doesn't hurt/burn or any of that jazz.--------------------------------------- ­------. To sum up this video its basically How To Get Rid Of That Ugly Mustache Without Waxing in a very inepensive way.
1244	---------------------------------------- ­------. To sum up this video its basically How To Get Rid Of That Ugly Mustache Without Waxing in a very inepensive way.About $5 in the drugstore & the product will last for months. It doesn't hurt/burn or any of that jazz.--------------------------------------- ­------. To sum up this video its basically How To Get Rid Of That Ugly Mustache Without Waxing in a very inepensive way.
1245	Apply a layer of the sugar mixture to a small area of your mustache. Spread the mixture in the direction of the hair growth, from the bottom of your nose down toward your upper lip. Cover the hairs completely. Place a cotton strip over the sugar mixture. Use downward strokes to help the strip adhere to the mixture.pply a layer of the sugar mixture to a small area of your mustache. Spread the mixture in the direction of the hair growth, from the bottom of your nose down toward your upper lip. Cover the hairs completely. Place a cotton strip over the sugar mixture. Use downward strokes to help the strip adhere to the mixture.
1246	For population 25 years and over in Milbank: 1  High school or higher: 91.8%. 2  Bachelor's degree or higher: 17.7%. 3  Graduate or professional degree: 2.3%. 4  Unemployed: 3.5%. 5  Mean travel time to work (commute): 9.6 minutes.
1247	Banks with branches in Milbank (2011 data): 1  First Bank & Trust of Milbank: First Bank & Trust Of Milbank at 215 West Fourth Avenue, branch established on 1986/03/27. 2  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association: Milbank Branch at 402 South Main Street, branch established on 1935/04/01.
1248	PEOPLE OVERVIEW : The 2016 Milbank, South Dakota, population is 3,192. There are 1,157 people per square mile (population density). Family in Milbank, South Dakota. The median age is 43.9. The US median is 37.4. 58.09% of people in Milbank, South Dakota, are married. 8.71% are divorced. The average household size is 2.12 people. 28.40% of people are married, with children. 9.13% have children, but are single. Race in Milbank, South Dakota. 91.78% of people are white, 0.70% are black, 0.00% are asian, 2.48% are native american, and 0.00% claim 'Other'. 4.77% of the people in Milbank, South Dakota, claim hispanic ethnicity (meaning 95.23% are non-hispanic).
1249	Crime rates in Milbank (2002): 1  0 murders (0.0 per 100,000) 2  0 rapes (0.0 per 100,000) 3  0 robberies (0.0 per 100,000) 4  3 assaults (81.7 per 100,000) 5  9 burglaries (245.2 per 100,000) 6  31 thefts (844.7 per 100,000) 7  1 auto theft (27.2 per 100,000) 8  City-data.com crime rate = 71.9 (higher means more crime, US average = 328.4)
1250	Milbank, South Dakota. add your; We are giving away $1200 in prizes - enter simply by sending us your own city pictures!
1251	Latest news from Milbank, SD collected exclusively by city-data.com from local newspapers, TV, and radio stations. Authorities identify teen who died in rollover near Milbank. Dakota State Patrol says 15-year-old Mackenzie Pies, of Milbank, died in the Aug. 22 crash north of Milbank.
1252	Race in Milbank, South Dakota 91.78% of people are white, 0.70% are black, 0.00% are asian, 2.48% are native american, and 0.00% claim 'Other'. 4.77% of the people in Milbank, South Dakota, claim hispanic ethnicity (meaning 95.23% are non-hispanic).
1253	Average climate in Milbank, South Dakota. Based on data reported by over 4,000 weather stations. Tornado activity: Milbank-area historical tornado activity is slightly below South Dakota state average. It is 7% smaller than the overall U.S. average. On 5/17/1996, a category F3 (max. wind speeds 158-206 mph) tornado 3.7 miles away from the Milbank city center caused $2 million in damages.
1254	According to our research of South Dakota and other state lists there were 9 registered sex offenders living in Milbank, South Dakota as of September 01, 2017. The ratio of number of residents in Milbank to the number of sex offenders is 367 to 1.
1255	According to our research of South Dakota and other state lists there were 10 registered sex offenders living in Milbank, South Dakota as of February 09, 2018. The ratio of number of residents in Milbank to the number of sex offenders is 330 to 1.
1256	Medical Dictionary. brachial plexus. noun. Medical Definition of brachial plexus. : a complex network of nerves that is formed chiefly by the lower four cervical nerves and the first thoracic nerve, lies partly within the axilla, and supplies nerves to the chest, shoulder, and arm.
1257	Ulnar nerve (C8, T1) Innervates: flexor carpi ulanris, flexor digitorum profundus (half), plamaris brevis, flexor digiti minimi, abductor digit minimi, abductor digiti minimi, opponens digiti minimi, adductor pollicis, palmar interosseous muscles, dorsal interosseous muscles, 3rd and 4th lumbricals.
1258	Brachial plexus injury. A brachial plexus injury (BPI), also known as brachial plexus lesion, is an injury to the brachial plexus, the network of nerves that conducts signals from the spinal cord to the shoulder, arm and hand.
1259	Brachial plexus injury. Overview. The brachial plexus is the network of nerves that sends signals from your spine to your shoulder, arm and hand. A brachial plexus injury occurs when these nerves are stretched, compressed, or in the most serious cases, ripped apart or torn away from the spinal cord.
1260	By Mayo Clinic Staff. Print. The brachial plexus is the network of nerves that sends signals from your spine to your shoulder, arm and hand. A brachial plexus injury occurs when these nerves are stretched, compressed, or in the most serious cases, ripped apart or torn away from the spinal cord.
1261	Lateral pectoral, medial pectoral, Upper subscapular, thoracodorsal, lower supscapular, axillary, musculocutaneous, radial, median, ulnar, medial antebrachial cutaneous , and medial brachial cutaneous nerve. Remember that the nerves of the terminal branch wrap around the _______________.
1262	Traction, also known as stretch injury, is one of the mechanisms that cause brachial plexus injury. The nerves of the brachial plexus are damaged due to the forced pull by the widening of the shoulder and neck. This is a closer look at the traction mechanism at the cervical spine.
1263	Each of the five nerves in the brachial plexus has a specific function, such as powering muscles or carrying sensory information from the hand to the brain. Because each nerve has a function, the location of the nerve injury within the plexus is important for predicting outcomes and for planning treatment.
1264	Brachial Plexus Injuries. The brachial plexus is a network of intertwined nerves that control movement and sensation in the arm and hand. A traumatic brachial plexus injury involves sudden damage to these nerves, and may cause weakness, loss of feeling, or loss of movement in the shoulder, arm, or hand.
1265	Brachial Plexus: What Is It? The brachial plexus is made up of five nerves, which are fibers that carry electrical messages from the brain to the muscles. The brachial plexus nerves start in the spinal cord and branch out from the neck to the muscles and tissues down the arms. These nerves provide movement and feeling to the shoulders, arms, and hands.
1266	Also we collected some tips and tricks for you: 1  Don't write just I love this song.. Hidden between the lines, words and thoughts sometimes hold many different not yet explained meanings. 2  Remember: your meaning might be valuable for someone. 3  Don't post links to images and links to facts. 4  Write correctly.
1267	Oscar Mayer Wiener 1965 Commercial (one of America's Best Ads) - Duration: 1:01. AlwaysGutom 1,603,466 views
1268	Andy was a famous child actor, known for his appearances in television shows, film and commercials. He is most famously known as the “little fisherman” in the famous 1970s Oscar Mayer bologna commercial, sitting on a pier, singing the praises of b-o-l-o-g-n-a. The commercial has received critical acclaim and awards, and contributed to quantum changes in the world of advertising, marketing and promotion we see today.
1269	Chords for My Bologna Has a First Name Oscar Mayer Weiner Song. Play along with guitar, ukulele, or piano with interactive chords and diagrams. Includes transpose, capo hints, changing speed and much more.
1270	entire 80's oscar mayer commercial w jodie sweetin like my bologna has a first name
1271	This is the one with the cute kid fishing. He sings the song, My bologna has a first name, it's O-s-c-a-r. My bologna has a second name, it's M-a-y-e-r.
1272	Oscar Mayer My Hotdog Has a First Name... (1984) - Eric Gradman - Duration: 0:33. Eric Gradman 141,970 views
1273	In addition to his vast hands-on technology experience, Andy has consulted individuals, entrepreneurs and companies of all kinds on business strategies, planning, practices, and more. He recently co-authored a 234-page e-book with his business partner and wife Dawn Lambros, entitled, “50 Great Money-Making Ideas For Any Economy.”
1274	Andy has a strong background in the entertainment, wholesale (import/ export) and retail industries. He has taught classes, given lectures and conducted workshops on business, technology, advertising, management and various related topics.
1275	Bio Andrew “Andy” Lambros is a web and graphic designer, developer, marketing expert and business consultant. He is the Co-founder and President of the Dream Builders Company, located just outside of Los Angeles, in Southern California.
1276	Marine Corps Deployments. The Marine Corps is a rapid deployment force that can quickly be sent where needed. To carry out its deployment mission, the Marine Corps and the Navy normally operate in conjunction with each other as part of amphibious or air-ground task forces.
1277	Marine Deployment Length. Marine Corps units operating on their own or with Navy units deploy under a unit deployment schedule. Generally, the Marine Corps tries to adhere to a standard six-month deployment schedule for purposes of training and operational readiness.
1278	The military arm of the nation's maritime fleet, the U.S. Navy, helps to patrol the world's oceans in order to keep them safe. With more than 285 ships, including 11 super aircraft carriers, the U.S. Navy is in a constant state of deployment.
1279	The plan has the flexibility to increase some deployments to seven months compared with the normal six-month assignments, the Navy said this week. Efforts will be made to keep deployments to six months, officials said, and if any cruise must last beyond seven months, the Navy's top admiral must be asked for permission. Although the policy assures sailors as much time at home as on deployment, there could be exceptions.
1280	Both the Navy and Marine Corps deploy on a regular basis. Marine Corps deployments typically occur as part of the Fleet Marine Force, with units operating from Navy ships. Marine Corps deployments involve infantry and other elements deploying to forward combat areas on land, and they can last for some time.
1281	Navy Deployments. Typically, a Navy deployment consists of several ships traveling together to and from specific regions. Depending on the mission, a deployed Navy group of ships features embarked Marine Corps infantry and aircraft as well as submarines and Navy aircraft carriers.
1282	While at sea during such exercises and deployments, the pace of operations for the U.S. Navy tends to be high. During a U.S. Navy joint military exercise, sailors and officers often work long hours training and drilling alongside U.S. allies.
1283	The average Army deployment rate can range from 12 months deployed, followed by 12 months at home station assignment, to 12 months deployed, 24 months at home.
1284	Soldiers on active duty in the Army deploy more than any other branch, with the possible exception of the Navy (although most Navy deployments are on ships at sea). How often you deploy depends on whether the U.S. is involved in any ongoing conflicts. Deployment is also heavily determined by your Army job.
1285	NORFOLK -- The Navy is changing its deployment policy for the first time in 22 years, telling sailors they could face longer periods at sea because of the demands of war. However, the policy reaffirms the Navy's promise that once they return home, they can spend an equal amount of time there before the next deployment.
1286	'The King and I'. In 1949, Yul Brynner made his film debut in Port of New York, co-starring with Scott Brady and Richard Rober. Not long after, he landed his most famous role, playing King Mongkut of Siam in Oscar and Hammerstein's production of The King and I in 1951.ul Brynner-The King and I (TV-14; 1:13) Watch a short video about actor Yul Brynner and discover how he got his most famous role.
1287	Brynner was noted for his distinctive voice and for his shaved head, which he maintained as a personal trademark long after adopting it in 1951 for his role in The King and I. Earlier, he was a model and television director, and later a photographer and the author of two books.he first three marriages ended in divorce. He fathered three children and adopted two. He and his first wife, actress Virginia Gilmore (1944–1960), had one child, Rock Yul Brynner (born December 23, 1946). His father nicknamed him Rock when he was six years old in honor of boxer Rocky Graziano.
1288	Synopsis. Born in Russia in 1920, actor Yul Brynner began playing his most famous role, King Mongkut of Siam in The King and I, on Broadway in 1951. After more than three years and 1,246 performances, he starred in the film version in 1956, winning an Academy Award for best actor.ul Brynner-The King and I (TV-14; 1:13) Watch a short video about actor Yul Brynner and discover how he got his most famous role.
1289	Brynner was best known for his portrayals of Rameses II in the 1956 Cecil B. DeMille blockbuster The Ten Commandments, and of King Mongkut of Siam in the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical The King and I, for which he won two Tony Awards and an Academy Award for the film version. He played the role 4625 times on stage.he first three marriages ended in divorce. He fathered three children and adopted two. He and his first wife, actress Virginia Gilmore (1944–1960), had one child, Rock Yul Brynner (born December 23, 1946). His father nicknamed him Rock when he was six years old in honor of boxer Rocky Graziano.
1290	Yul Brynner. by ethnic on. Birth Name: Yuliy Borisovich Brynner. Date of Birth: July 11, 1920. Place of Birth: Vladivostok, Russia. Date of Death: October 10, 1985. Place of Death: New York City, New York.Ethnicity: *75% Russian *25% Swiss-German. Yul Brynner was a Russian-born actor.He worked mostly in American films. He was born Yuliy Borisovich Brynner in Vladivostok, Russia. He was the son of Marousia Dimitrievna (Blagovidova) and Boris Yuliyevich Bryner.ul Brynner. by ethnic on. Birth Name: Yuliy Borisovich Brynner. Date of Birth: July 11, 1920. Place of Birth: Vladivostok, Russia. Date of Death: October 10, 1985. Place of Death: New York City, New York.
1291	Rogers and Hammerstein II settled on television director and actor Yul Brynner. In rehearsals, at Yul Brynner's first meeting with costume designer Irene Sharaff, Yul Brynner had only a fringe of curly hair. Yul Brynner asked Sharaff what he was to do about it.When Sharaff told him to shave it, Brynner was horror-struck, refused, convinced he would look terrible.rynner came to dominate his role and the musical, starring in a four-year national tour culminating in his last performance, a special Sunday night show, on June 30, 1985, in honor of Yul Brynner and his 4,625th performance of the role.
1292	Mini Bio (1). Exotic leading man of American films, famed as much for his completely bald head as for his performances, Yul Brynner masked much of his life in mystery and outright lies designed to tease people he considered gullible.rynner came to dominate his role and the musical, starring in a four-year national tour culminating in his last performance, a special Sunday night show, on June 30, 1985, in honor of Yul Brynner and his 4,625th performance of the role.
1293	1 King (Yul Brynner): You will say no more! / I will say no more because there is no more to say! -Deborah Kerr as Anna in The King and I -- Classic Movie Hub. 2  He is my spirit animal -- B. Maloney.- 3  Yul Brynner's real name is Taidje Khan. King (Yul Brynner): You will say no more! / I will say no more because there is no more to say! -Deborah Kerr as Anna in The King and I -- Classic Movie Hub. 2  He is my spirit animal -- B. Maloney.
1294	There is only one Yul Brynner. Born Yuliy Borisovich Brynner on 11 July 1910 in Russia, his mother Marusya Blagоvidova was the daughter of a Russian doctor and his father, Boris Brynner, was an engineer and inventor. Yul was named after his paternal grandfather, Jules Brynner.s well as acting, Brynner was an active photographer and wrote two books on the subject. He published 'Bring Forth The Children: A Journey To The Forgotten Children of Europe and the Middle East' in 1960, which featured his own images. In 1983, he released 'The Yul Brynner Cookbook: Food Fit For The King And You'.
1295	In 1951, Brynner shaved his head for his role in The King and I. Following the huge success of the Broadway production and subsequent film, Brynner continued to shave his head for the rest of his life, though he wore a wig for certain roles.he first three marriages ended in divorce. He fathered three children and adopted two. He and his first wife, actress Virginia Gilmore (1944–1960), had one child, Rock Yul Brynner (born December 23, 1946). His father nicknamed him Rock when he was six years old in honor of boxer Rocky Graziano.
1296	1 Hat Damage: In Speedy Gonzales, Speedy is working as a living target in a shooting gallery when he gets a bullet through his hat.  Hero Antagonist: Like a lot of other Looney Tunes protagonists, he flip flopped with this, a lot of shorts giving the main focus to the blundering of foes such as Sylvester or Daffy.
1297	Speedy Gonzales (1955) Approved | 7min | Animation, Family, Short | 17 September 1955 (USA) Starving Mexican mice want access to a cheese factory guarded by Sylvester Cat and send for Speedy Gonzales, the fastest mouse in all Mexico, to breeze past Sylvester and obtain the cheese ... See full summary ».
1298	Speedy Gonzales, the beloved Looney Tunes mouse who can outrun the fastest of cats and whose Arriba! Arriba! Andale! Andale! cry was a Saturday morning staple for kids growing up in the 1960s, is being eyed as an animated feature at Warner Bros. with Mexico’s own beloved filmmaker/actor Eugenio Derbez voicing the mouse. “In Mexico we grew up watching Speedy Gonzales,” Derbez told Deadline. “He was like a superhero to us, or maybe more like a revolutionario like Simon Bolivar or Pancho Villa. He watched out for the little people but with a lot of bravado and a weakness for the ladies.
1299	Speedy Gonzales started out as a character in another cartoon before animators Friz Freleng and Hawley Pratt introduced him in an animated short of his own in 1955. Then, the legendary Mel Blanc voiced the mouse.
1300	Speedy Gonzales is a recurring character of the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies franchises, starring in 46 short cartoons. He is a Mexican mouse endowed with Super Speed.
1301	1 Chivalrous Pervert: Speedy Gonzales is a friend of everybody's sister Carmella! And in one cartoon he proves to be quite the romantic, serenading a female mouse with a guitar. (Until Sylvester interrupts his date.)  Comically Invincible Hero: It plays a lot into the gags however.
1302	No. Speedy Gonzales has always been very popular in Mexico, and in much of the Hispanic world. But in the late 1990s, Warner’s Cartoon Network virtually banished him from its schedules, partly because of worries that he was a racist stereotype.
1303	Appearance: White smock, red kerchief, gigantic sombrero, cheeky grin, at least from his second film onwards. Just remind me of it? Called simply Speedy Gonzales, it showed him and his friends trying to cross the US border to steal cheese that was being guarded by Sylvester the Cat. Good old Speedy! He’s one of my all-time favourite pieces of 20th-century intellectual property. In that case, you’ll be pleased to know that he’s coming back.
1304	1 Chivalrous Pervert: Speedy Gonzales is a friend of everybody's sister Carmella! And in one cartoon he proves to be quite the romantic, serenading a female mouse with a guitar.  Comically Invincible Hero: It plays a lot into the gags however.
1305	Merrie Melodies (Speedy Gonzales/Sylvester) series. The title card of Speedy Gonzales. Speedy Gonzales is a 1955 Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Friz Freleng from a story by Warren Foster. It is the second cartoon to feature the title character, but the first one to feature Speedy in his current design. It won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
1306	The cecum is the cul-de-sac at the beginning of the large intestine that descends from the union of the ileum and the large intestine. It provides a space for the mixing of bacteria with partially digested food from the small intestine to form feces.
1307	The cecum is a short, pouch-like region of the large intestine between the ascending colon and vermiform appendix. It is located in the lower right quadrant of the abdominal cavity inferior and lateral to the ileum....
1308	Anatomy The cecum is a short, pouch-like region of the large intestine between the ascending colon and vermiform appendix. It is located in the lower right quadrant of the abdominal cavity inferior and lateral to the ileum....
1309	The first part of the large intestine is the cecum, a sac-like structure about 6 cm (2.4 in) long. Chyme passes ileum of the small intestine, throough the ileocecal valve, and enters the large intestine. The cecum blends seamlessly with the colon.
1310	Anatomy The cecum is a short, pouch-like region of the large intestine between the ascending colon and vermiform appendix. It is located in the lower right quadrant of the abdominal cavity inferior and lateral to the ileum.... Click to read more below.
1311	The first part of the large intestine is the cecum, a sac-like structure about 6 cm (2.4 in) long. Chyme passes ileum of the small intestine, throough the ileocecal valve, and enters the large intestine.
1312	cecum. 1. the first or proximal part of the large intestine, forming a dilated pouch distal to the ileum and proximal to the colon. There is a great deal of variation in the relative size between species. The dog's cecum is a small, coiled organ.
1313	cecum. 1. the first or proximal part of the large intestine, forming a dilated pouch distal to the ileum and proximal to the colon. There is a great deal of variation in the relative size between species.
1314	After eating, peristalsis in the ileum forces chyme into the cecum. When the cecum is distended with chyme, contractions of the ileocecal sphincter strengthen. Once chyme enters the cecum, colon movements begin. Mechanical digestion in the large intestine includes a combination of three types of movements.
1315	The ileum is the last section of the small intestine. Like the jejunum, it is also around 10 feet long and its pH lies between 7 and 8. The bacterial density here is also 10 4 -10 7 CFU/mL and has a microbe community similar to that of the colon.
1316	Second, as the discussion of physical planning indicated, it is not to be assumed that the particular patterns of factory size, task composition and subdivison. grouping of tasks into jobs, and work group arrangements involved in production are a direct consequence of the requirements of physical technology.
1317	Cloud computing has been a hugely disruptive technology in the business world, displacing many resources that would conventionally have been located in-house or provided as a traditionally hosted service.
1318	AOL: Three Decades of Turmoil. Introduction. AOL has gone from fame and glory to hype to trying everything possible simply to survive. Started in 1983 as “Quantum Computer” (Agamawi, 2012), later renamed America Online, the company went public on the NASDAQ in 1992 and proceeded to grow 50,000% in just two year’s time.
1319	In January 2001 AOL merged with what was widely considered a conservative media company called Time Warner, itself having been built largely through mergers and acquisitions. At the time of the merger, Time Warner was valued at $90 billion, compared to AOL’s $175 billion.
1320	The development of Western technology . One of the most fascinating problems of technological change is the rise and continuing development of Western “industrial” technology, and it has attracted a corresponding amount of attention.
1321	Finally, a firm׳s culture has also been identified as a critical precondition for the emergence of disruptive innovation. Firm culture refers to a core set of attitudes and practices that are shared by the members of the firm (Detert et al., 2000; Martin, 2002 ; Schultz and Hatch, 1996).
1322	Major changes in human life have been associated with major technological changes, such as the “food-producing revolution,” the “urban revolution,” and the “industrial revolution” and its modern continuations; even the evolution of biologically modern man has been influenced by innovations in tool using.
1323	Much less attention has been paid to the role of innovation processes, including their goals and design, in promoting disruptive innovation. In this paper we aim to begin to fill this gap by better understanding how new innovation processes can act as antecedents for disruptive innovation.
1324	AOL: Three Decades of Turmoil. AOL has gone from fame and glory to hype to trying everything possible simply to survive. Started in 1983 as “Quantum Computer” (Agamawi, 2012), later renamed America Online, the company went public on the NASDAQ in 1992 and proceeded to grow 50,000% in just two year’s time.
1325	A disruptive technology is one that displaces an established technology and shakes up the industry or a ground-breaking product that creates a completely new industry. Harvard Business School professor Clayton M. Christensen coined the term disruptive technology. In his 1997 best-selling book, The Innovator's Dilemma, Christensen separates new technology into two categories: sustaining and disruptive.
1326	There are two places where the bicep muscle connects: the shoulder and the elbow. In your shoulder, tendons connect your bicep into the shoulder joint. In your elbow, tendons keep the muscle attached to your lower arm. We most often see bicep injuries at the connection point with your shoulder. Strains or tears can develop in the ligaments.
1327	Rotator cuff. A combination of muscles and tendons keeps your arm centered in your shoulder socket. These tissues are called the rotator cuff. They cover the head of your upper arm bone and attach it to your shoulder blade. Biceps tendons. The biceps muscle is in the front of your upper arm.
1328	10 Possible Causes of Arm Pain. Featured, Your Health. Sources of arm pain are numerous, affecting the muscles, tendons, ligaments, and bones of the arm, shoulder, elbow, wrist, hand, and fingers. If you’re experiencing a strange pain, tenderness, or numbness in your arm, and you don’t know why, consider the following 10 common causes of arm pain….
1329	Left shoulder pain can be extremely concerning, especially when the cause is unknown. The pain may occur when you breathe deeply, making it very difficult to function throughout the day. Left shoulder pain may be the result of normal activities of daily living to serious health conditions.
1330	Years of shoulder wear and tear can cause the biceps tendon to become inflamed. Examination of the tissues in these cases commonly shows signs of degeneration. Degeneration in a tendon causes a loss of the normal arrangement of the collagen fibers that join together to form the tendon.
1331	An injury to the shoulder or surrounding region can cause pain and discomfort. Injury related left shoulder pain is usually quite obvious to a person, particularly if it manifests itself right after the accident that caused the injury. In some cases the pain may not develop immediately after an injury.
1332	Persistent pain and weakness may be a sign of a serious strain of the biceps that may also involve tearing of the attachment of the tendon inside the shoulder joint. Such serious injury may require surgery. If persistent pain and weakness is experienced the injury should be re-evaluated by a surgeon.
1333	Rotator cuff/bicep tendinosis is diagnosed by eliciting pain or weakness with stress testing of the rotator cuff muscles. There are two common tests used for diagnosis of impingement: The Neer’s Test and the Hawkins’ Test. The Neer's test elicits pain with passive abduction of the shoulder to 180 degrees.
1334	Biceps Tendinitis. Biceps tendinitis is an inflammation or irritation of the upper biceps tendon. Also called the long head of the biceps tendon, this strong, cord-like structure connects the biceps muscle to the bones in the shoulder. Pain in the front of the shoulder and weakness are common symptoms of biceps tendinitis.
1335	Article Sections. Patients with acute brachial plexus neuritis are often misdiagnosed as having cervical radiculopathy. Acute brachial plexus neuritis is an uncommon disorder characterized by severe shoulder and upper arm pain followed by marked upper arm weakness. The temporal profile of pain preceding weakness is important in establishing a prompt diagnosis and differentiating acute brachial plexus neuritis from cervical radiculopathy.
1336	(2) Power of attorney means a legal instrument that is used by a authorized surety company to delegate authority to a licensed general agent or surety bail bond agent for the posting of surety bail bonds with a court of law up to a specified monetary amount.
1337	County of Enter the county of the provider’s/applicant’s physical address. State of Enter the state of the provider’s/applicant’s physical address. Surety Name Enter the name of the surety company issuing the bond. State of Enter the state in which the surety company is incorporated. Surety Address Enter the business address of the issuing surety company. City of Enter the city of the surety company’s business address.
1338	Once you have revoked the original POA, you can update your Power of Attorney template or create a new one. When changing your Power of Attorney form, it is important to revoke the original, as it may still be considered valid unless it is explicitly revoked in writing.
1339	1 Quarterly Checklist of Filings for Certified Surety and/or Certified Reinsuring Companies. (64 KB) 2  Annual Checklist of Filings for Certified Surety and/or Certified Reinsuring Companies. (67 KB)  Annual Checklist of Filings for Admitted Reinsurer Companies. (65 KB)
1340	Use a Power of Attorney Form if: 1  You want to authorize someone to handle your medical and financial affairs in the event that you are absent or away from home.  You want to authorize someone to handle your medical and financial affairs in the event that you are mentally incapacitated.
1341	The State of Texas Medicaid Provider Surety Bond form must be completed by the surety company and signed by an authorized power. of attorney of the surety company and by an authorized representative of the Texas Medicaid provider.
1342	Title Enter the business title of the authorized representative of the Texas Medicaid provider/applicant. Authorized Power of Attorney Enter the printed name of the authorized power of attorney of the surety company that is signing. the bond. Authorized Power of Attorney Signature This line is for the signat ure of the authorized power of attorney of the surety company.
1343	Give Power of Attorney. The first step in giving power of attorney is to choose an agent, the person who can act on your behalf. You may prefer for your agent to be a family member, a longtime friend, or a trusted professional, such as your lawyer, doctor or accountant.
1344	If you do not have Microsoft Word or Excel (or software that can read these file formats) download and install the MS Word and Excel Viewers. These viewers will allow you to open, view, and print Word and Excel files. You will not be able to edit documents. Word Viewer: Allows opening and viewing Word 97/2000 documents. Excel Viewer: Allows opening and viewing Excel 97/2000 documents.
1345	When you need a little help making big decisions, a Power of Attorney form (also known as a POA) allows you to give permission to another person or entity (your agent) to act on your behalf. Your agent doesn't have to be a lawyer, and their power is defined entirely by you.
1346	You will probably be surprised to find that your per-mile costs to fuel cars are cheaper with electric cars than with gas cars. Calculating your per-mile cost for gas cars is pretty simple, as long as you know your average cost for a gallon of gasoline, your typical fuel economy and the number of miles you drive. For example, if your car gets 25 mpg and gas is $4 per gallon, it will cost you 16 cents per mile in gasoline.
1347	About Gas Mileage Savings Calculator: Car Cost vs. Fuel Savings. You would like to save money on gas so you're considering trading in your gas guzzler for a more fuel efficient car. This calculator shows how long will it take before you pay off the balance of a vehicle purchase and really begin saving money. Based on the EPA's MPG data and assuming 45% highway driving and 55% city driving.
1348	The new label assigns each vehicle a rating from 1 (worst) to 10 (best) for fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions (i.e., how much carbon dioxide the vehicle’s tailpipe emits each mile), as shown below. Consumers may note that higher fuel economy is associated with a better GHG emissions profile.
1349	It’s that simple. We take the average distance that a gasoline-powered vehicle can drive on a gallon of gas (28.2 miles for comparable 2012 model year cars), and then calculate how much it would cost to drive the average EV that same distance.
1350	Fuel consumption rate. Kilowatt-hours is an energy unit for electricity. This value tells you how many kilowatt-hours the vehicle would use to travel 100 miles. Like gallons per 100 miles, this kilowatt-hours per 100 miles value relates directly to the amount of electricity used, and thus to cost.
1351	The fuel savings, in gallons, for a vehicle that gets 10 MPG versus a vehicle that gets 15 MPG is about 33 gallons (assuming 1,000 miles). On the other hand, the fuel savings in gallons - for the same five MPG fuel economy jump - for a 30 MPG versus a 35 MPG vehicle is only about five gallons.
1352	*Gas driving costs are based on current prices of $2.31/gallon and assume a 25m/gallon gas mileage. Average 2013 gas prices were $3.58/gallon (Energy Information Administration). EV driving costs are based on 35 kwh/100 miles and standard residential rates.
1353	The price of gasoline is posted at every corner gas station, but what about the cost of driving on electricity? The Department of Energy’s eGallon provides a quick and simple answer to this question and allows electric vehicle (EV) drivers to see how much they can save on fuel by using electricity instead of gasoline.
1354	Calculate the savings from trading in your gas guzzler. You would like to save money on gas so you're considering trading in your gas guzzler for a more fuel efficient car. This calculator shows how long will it take before you pay off the balance of a vehicle purchase and really begin saving money.
1355	Calculating your electricity cost is a bit more complicated. First, visit the automaker's website for the electric car to get the specifics on the projected charging times for the type of charging system you intend to use. Then, you'll need to use your electric company's kilowatt-hour rates.
1356	Morphine, sold under many trade names, is a pain medication of the opiate type. It acts directly on the central nervous system (CNS) to decrease the feeling of pain. It can be used for both acute pain and chronic pain. Morphine is also frequently used for pain from myocardial infarction and during labour.It can be administered orally, intramuscularly, subcutaneously, intravenously, into the space around the spinal cord, or rectally.orphine is a precursor in the manufacture in a large number of opioids such as dihydromorphine, hydromorphone, hydrocodone, and oxycodone as well as codeine, which itself has a large family of semi-synthetic derivatives.
1357	Morphine is part of a class of drugs called opiate (narcotic) analgesics, or opioid agonists, which block the transmission of pain signals to the brain by binding to nervous system proteins called opioid receptors.Morphine is also sometimes prescribed off label to treat pain in hospitalized children.: Morphine is a medication that is used for pain management and is in the class of medications called opioid narcotics. Opioids act by attaching to specific proteins called opioid receptors, which are found in the brain, spinal cord, and gastrointestinal tract.
1358	Morphine sulfate is a prescription drug used to treat moderate to severe acute or chronic pain. It's sold under several brand names, including Roxanol, Kadian, and Avinza.: Morphine is a medication that is used for pain management and is in the class of medications called opioid narcotics. Opioids act by attaching to specific proteins called opioid receptors, which are found in the brain, spinal cord, and gastrointestinal tract.
1359	Morphine is primarily used to treat both acute and chronic severe pain. It is also used for pain due to myocardial infarction and for labor pains. However, concerns exist that morphine may increase mortality in the setting of non ST elevation myocardial infarction.orphine is a precursor in the manufacture in a large number of opioids such as dihydromorphine, hydromorphone, hydrocodone, and oxycodone as well as codeine, which itself has a large family of semi-synthetic derivatives.
1360	A: Morphine is a narcotic (opioid) pain reliever that is used to treat moderate to severe pain. Commonly reported side effects of morphine include constipation, lightheadedness, dizziness, sedation, nausea, vomiting, sweating, and mood changes.: Morphine is a medication that is used for pain management and is in the class of medications called opioid narcotics. Opioids act by attaching to specific proteins called opioid receptors, which are found in the brain, spinal cord, and gastrointestinal tract.
1361	About 70% of morphine is used to make other opioids such as hydromorphone, oxycodone, heroin, and methadone. It is a Schedule II drug in the United States, Class A in the United Kingdom, and Schedule I in Canada.orphine is a precursor in the manufacture in a large number of opioids such as dihydromorphine, hydromorphone, hydrocodone, and oxycodone as well as codeine, which itself has a large family of semi-synthetic derivatives.
1362	A: Morphine is a medication that is used for pain management and is in the class of medications called opioid narcotics. Opioids act by attaching to specific proteins called opioid receptors, which are found in the brain, spinal cord, and gastrointestinal tract.: Morphine is a medication that is used for pain management and is in the class of medications called opioid narcotics. Opioids act by attaching to specific proteins called opioid receptors, which are found in the brain, spinal cord, and gastrointestinal tract.
1363	By Dr Ananya Mandal, MD. Morphine is the most abundant analgesic opiate found in opium and is a potent pain reliever. The drug is used in clinical pain relief but is also used illicitly for recreational purposes among drug users.ources, street names and brand names of morphine. Morphine is obtained from the seedpod extract or opium found in the poppy plant, Papaver somniferum. Morphine is widely used in clinical pain management, especially for terminal cancer pain and post-surgery pain.
1364	Morphine is often used before or after surgery to alleviate severe pain. Morphine and other opioids act by attaching to specific proteins called opioid receptors, which are found in the brain, spinal cord, and gastrointestinal tract.When these compounds attach to certain opioid receptors in the brain and spinal cord, they can effectively change the way a person experiences pain.orphine and other opioids act by attaching to specific proteins called opioid receptors, which are found in the brain, spinal cord, and gastrointestinal tract. When these compounds attach to certain opioid receptors in the brain and spinal cord, they can effectively change the way a person experiences pain.
1365	Morphine is a precursor in the manufacture in a large number of opioids such as dihydromorphine, hydromorphone, hydrocodone, and oxycodone as well as codeine, which itself has a large family of semi-synthetic derivatives.orphine is a precursor in the manufacture in a large number of opioids such as dihydromorphine, hydromorphone, hydrocodone, and oxycodone as well as codeine, which itself has a large family of semi-synthetic derivatives.
1366	Unmarried White population in Moran under 18 years old in homes : Total Population: 48: Unmarried partner of home lead present: 3: In family homes: 3: Population of male led and male partner homes: 0: Population of male led and female partner households: 1: Population of female led and female partner households: 0: Population of female led and male partner households: 2
1367	Education Enrollment (Population Age 3+): The data represents the percentage of people in the area over age 3 who are currently enrolled at each type of learning institution. Index score: (100 = National Average) for an area is compared to the national average of 100.
1368	Moran: State: TX [Texas] Counties: SHACKELFORD, TX CALLAHAN, TX EASTLAND, TX STEPHENS, TX: Multi County: Yes: City Alias(es): Moran: Area Code: 325: City Type: P [Post Office] Classification: [Non-Unique] Time Zone: Central (GMT -06:00) Observes Day Light Savings: Yes: Latitude: 32.578131: Longitude:-99.180131: Elevation: 1412 ft: State FIPS: 48: County FIPS: 417: Region: South: Division:
1369	Moran is a city in Shackelford County, Texas, United States. The population was 270 at the 2010 census.
1370	Zip Code 76464, Moran, TX. Get all this data for every U.S. ZIP Code in 1 easy to use database. Map the boundaries of this ZIP Code and others on any map platform.
1371	The population density was 539.0 people per square mile (209.2/km 2). There were 146 housing units at an average density of 337.7/sq mi (131.1/km 2). The racial makeup of the city was 98.28% White, 0.86% from other races, and 0.86% from two or more races.
1372	According to our research of Texas and other state lists there were 2 registered sex offenders living in Moran, Texas as of September 02, 2017. The ratio of number of residents in Moran to the number of sex offenders is 134 to 1. Nearest city with pop. 50,000+: Abilene, TX (34.5 miles , pop. 115,930).
1373	For population 15 years and over in Moran city: 1  Mining, quarrying, and oil and gas extraction (48%) 2  Manufacturing (26%) 3  Wholesale trade (10%) 4  Agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting (7%) 5  Construction (5%) 6  Public administration (2%) 7  Retail trade (0%)
1374	MORAN, TEXAS. Moran, on State Highway 6 and the intersection of Farm roads 576 and 2408, in southeastern Shackelford County, was established in 1882, when the Texas Central Railroad was constructed through the area. C. B. Snyder was the first settler in the vicinity.
1375	The data for Moran, TX 76464 may also contain data for the following areas: Moran Male Population: The data represents the percentage of males in the population according to age range. Information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Demographic Information FAQ
1376	What constitutes a prevailing rate under California law? Under California law, a “Prevailing Rate” is comprised of three components: (1) the basic hourly rate paid on public works projects to a majority of workers engaged in a particular craft, classification or type of work within the locality and in the nearest
1377	Are apprentices covered by prevailing wage requirements under California law? An apprentice is permitted to work on a project subject to California prevailing wage requirements at less than the prevailing rate prescribed for the trade she performs.
1378	Information on compliance with prevailing wage requirements under California law for programs funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA)
1379	What kind of trades or workers must be paid prevailing wages under California law? The California Department of Industrial Relations (DIR) Division of Labor Statistics and Research (DLSR) makes the final determination on which trades and/or workers are covered by prevailing wage laws. DLSR maintains a list of the covered trades/workers
1380	What are prevailing wage requirements under California law? California law requires payment of locally prevailing wages (including employer payments for employee benefits) to workers, laborers, and mechanics on state
1381	apprenticeship standards and apprentice agreements under which she is training, or the. rules and regulations of the California Apprenticeship Council.11. 10 See www.dir.ca.gov/dlsr/statistics_research.html or call the DLSR Prevailing Wage Hotline (415) 703-4774 for. more information about these trades.
1382	California Prevailing Wage Law: What’s New and What Every Contractor Needs to Know Date: August 30, 2017 1:00 pm – 3:00 pm Join Cook Brown, LLP partner, Carrie Bushman at Associated Builders & Contractors (ABC), for an overview of California’s Prevailing Wage law. Carrie will discuss recent changes to the law as well as basic requirements with which all public works contractors should be familiar. The topics to be covered will include: Identifying and interpreting prevailing wage determinations.
1383	In California, courts have held that because legislation providing for the payment of. prevailing wages comes under the historic police powers of the state, absent a contrary. intention expressed in a federal statute, the presumption is that such legislation is not.
1384	An apprentice is permitted to work on a project subject to California prevailing wage. requirements at less than the prevailing rate prescribed for the trade she performs. However, persons may only be employed at the apprentice wage rate on projects. involving public works in limited circumstances.
1385	California Prevailing Wage Law Seminar at Associated Builders & Contractors. What every contractor needs to know. Speaker, Cook Brown's Carrie Bushman.
1386	Origin of LITHOPHILE. lith- + -phile. This word doesn't usually appear in our free dictionary, but the definition from our premium Unabridged Dictionary is offered here on a limited basis.Note that some information is displayed differently in the Unabridged.ith- + -phile. This word doesn't usually appear in our free dictionary, but the definition from our premium Unabridged Dictionary is offered here on a limited basis.
1387	The term large-ion lithophile element (or LILE) is frequently used, but poorly defined in the geochemical literature. Some authors use LILE as a synonym for incompatible (or hygromagmatophile) trace elements (e.g.), whereas others use LILE to refer to a specific subset of incompatible trace elements characterized by small charge to ionic radius ratio (or low field strength elements; ). relative to more compatible trace elements. The LILE are strongly enriched in the upper continental crust (. ), but occur in lower concentrations in the deep continental crust due to its overall more mafic character and selective loss of some LILE during high-grade metamorphism (see Metamorphism).
1388	: the solid part of a celestial body (as the earth); specifically: the outer part of the solid earth composed of rock essentially like that exposed at the surface, consisting of the crust and outermost layer of the mantle, and usually considered to be about 60 miles (100 kilometers) in thickness. the solid part of a celestial body (as the earth); specifically: the outer part of the solid earth composed of rock essentially like that exposed at the surface, consisting of the crust and outermost layer of the mantle, and usually considered to be about 60 miles (100 kilometers) in thickness.
1389	Lithophile elements [edit]. Lithophile elements are those that remain on or close to the surface because they combine readily with oxygen, forming compounds that do not sink into the core.anganese, iron and molybdenum do form strong bonds with oxygen but in the free state (as they existed on the primitive earth when free oxygen did not exist) can mix so easily with iron that they do not concentrate in the siliceous crust as do true lithophile elements.
1390	In addition to NiS collection fire assay for a five element PGM suite, the samples will undergo research quality analyses for a wide range of elements, including the large ion. , the rare earth elements, high field strength elements, sulphur and selenium.hey include 55 elements of the periodic system: O, Si, Al, Ti, B, C, all the alkali and alkaline-earth metals, the halogens, and many of the rare elements.
1391	Their strong affinity for oxygen causes lithophile elements to associate very strongly with silica, forming relatively low-density minerals that thus float to the crust. The more soluble minerals formed by the alkali metals tend to concentrate in seawater or extremely arid regions where they can crystallise.anganese, iron and molybdenum do form strong bonds with oxygen but in the free state (as they existed on the primitive earth when free oxygen did not exist) can mix so easily with iron that they do not concentrate in the siliceous crust as do true lithophile elements.
1392	Most lithophile elements form very stable ions with an electron configuration of a noble gas (sometimes with additional f-electrons). The few that do not, such as silicon, phosphorus and boron, form extremely strong covalent bonds with oxygen – often involving pi bonding.anganese, iron and molybdenum do form strong bonds with oxygen but in the free state (as they existed on the primitive earth when free oxygen did not exist) can mix so easily with iron that they do not concentrate in the siliceous crust as do true lithophile elements.
1393	chemical elements of rock. They include 55 elements of the periodic system: O, Si, Al, Ti, B, C, all the alkali and alkaline-earth metals, the halogens, and many of the rare elements.hey include 55 elements of the periodic system: O, Si, Al, Ti, B, C, all the alkali and alkaline-earth metals, the halogens, and many of the rare elements.
1394	The lithophile elements make up about 93 percent of the mass of the entire crust of the earth and about 97 percent of the salt content of the ocean waters—products of rock weathering dissolved in water.hey include 55 elements of the periodic system: O, Si, Al, Ti, B, C, all the alkali and alkaline-earth metals, the halogens, and many of the rare elements.
1395	Because of the confusion in the literature regarding usage of LILE, it is recommended that the term be restricted to lithophile trace elements having small charge to ionic radius ratios and which also have ionic radii greater than those of Ca 2+ and Na 1+ , the largest cations common to rock forming minerals. relative to more compatible trace elements. The LILE are strongly enriched in the upper continental crust (. ), but occur in lower concentrations in the deep continental crust due to its overall more mafic character and selective loss of some LILE during high-grade metamorphism (see Metamorphism).
1396	DOWNEY -- Golden Corral will open a buffet restaurant at the southeast intersection of Lakewood Boulevard and Gallatin Road, formerly the site of a Ford dealership, Mayor Pro Tem Alex Saab confirmed Wednesday.Saab made the announcement during a town hall meeting held at the Columbia Memorial Space Center.olden Corral is expected to open at a development called The Commons at Gallatin Road, an 18,000 sq. ft. development that is also expected to include three other smaller restaurants.
1397	Introducing The Promenade at Downey; roughly 600,000 sf development that is underway in the City of Downey, CA.ntroducing The Promenade at Downey; roughly 600,000 sf development that is underway in the City of Downey, CA.
1398	The Promenade at Downey development (known as Tierra Luna Marketplace) consists of 1.1 million square feet of retail commercial area, 300,000 square feet of office space and 116,000 square feet of hotel space (150 rooms).he Amended Downey Landing Specific Plan is a request to amend the provisions of the Downey Landing Specific Plan that apply to the central 77 acres (the site Downey Studios occupies) of the 154-acre Downey Landing site in order to redevelop it into a mixed-use development.
1399	The 77-acre site is bounded by both Lakewood Boulevard and Columbia Way on the west, Congressman Steve Horn Way on the south, and Bellflower Blvd and Downey Landing Retail Center on the east and north, respectively.The environmental documents for the Amended Downey Specific Plan can be found here.he Amended Downey Landing Specific Plan is a request to amend the provisions of the Downey Landing Specific Plan that apply to the central 77 acres (the site Downey Studios occupies) of the 154-acre Downey Landing site in order to redevelop it into a mixed-use development.
1400	Golden Corral is expected to open at a development called The Commons at Gallatin Road, an 18,000 sq. ft. development that is also expected to include three other smaller restaurants.Golden Corral recently began an aggressive expansion into California, and last year opened in Bellflower.The mayor pro tem also confirmed what was perhaps Downey's worst-kept secret: that Walmart will be the anchor store at The Promenade shopping center.olden Corral is expected to open at a development called The Commons at Gallatin Road, an 18,000 sq. ft. development that is also expected to include three other smaller restaurants.
1401	The Downey Landing Specific Plan has been in effect since February, 2002 and two of the projects that have been developed under it include the Downey Landing Retail Center and the Kaiser Downey Medical Center.he Amended Downey Landing Specific Plan is a request to amend the provisions of the Downey Landing Specific Plan that apply to the central 77 acres (the site Downey Studios occupies) of the 154-acre Downey Landing site in order to redevelop it into a mixed-use development.
1402	The Amended Downey Landing Specific Plan is a request to amend the provisions of the Downey Landing Specific Plan that apply to the central 77 acres (the site Downey Studios occupies) of the 154-acre Downey Landing site in order to redevelop it into a mixed-use development.he Amended Downey Landing Specific Plan is a request to amend the provisions of the Downey Landing Specific Plan that apply to the central 77 acres (the site Downey Studios occupies) of the 154-acre Downey Landing site in order to redevelop it into a mixed-use development.
1403	The difference of a number and 8. x – 8 5. The product of 5 and x, less 4. 5 x – 4 6. Two-thirds the difference of 4 and x. 23 (4 – x) or 24 3  x 7. x less than 4. 4 – x 8. The quotient of a number and 5. x ÷ 5 or 5 x 9. x less 9. x – 9 10. The sum of the product of 8 and a number, and 3. 8 x + 3 11.Twice the difference of 5 and a number. 2(5 – x) 12. The sum of the quotient of x and 3, and 5. (x ÷ 3) + 5 or 3 x + 5 13. Three times the sum of x and the product of 5 and y.3(x + 5 y) 14.wo-thirds the difference of 4 and x. 23 (4 – x) or 24 3  x 7. x less than 4. 4 – x 8. The quotient of a number and 5. x ÷ 5 or 5 x 9. x less 9. x – 9 10. The sum of the product of 8 and a number, and 3. 8 x + 3 11. Twice the difference of 5 and a number. 2(5 – x) 12.
1404	The quotient is further expressed as the number of times the divisor divides into the dividend, e.g., 3 divides 2 times into 6. A quotient can also refer to the integer part of the result of dividing two integers in Euclidean division.For example, the quotient of 13 divided by 5 would be 2 while the remainder would be 3. quotient can also refer to the integer part of the result of dividing two integers in Euclidean division. For example, the quotient of 13 divided by 5 would be 2 while the remainder would be 3.
1405	From the problem you know two things. The two numbers have a quotient of 9 and a difference of 56.   Step 1: Write these facts as equations.  x/y = 9   x-y = 56  …  Step 2: Take one equation and solve for one of the variables.ou meant to say What is the quotient for 210 divided by 9. 210 divided by 9 will not be a whole number. The trick for seeing if it is, is doing 2+1+0=3. 3 is not a multiple … of 9.
1406	One less than the product of four and a number is 11. __ 4n – 1 = 11 _ 9. Ten more than the quotient of a number and 3 is 12. + 10 = 12__________ 10. The sum of 9 and the quotient of x and 7 is 11. _ 9 + _= 11 _________ 11. The product of 2 and the sum of 5 and t is 8. ___ 2(5 + t) = 8 ___ 12.Ten less than the quotient of a number and −2 is three __ _ – 10 = 3__ ___ __ 13.ne less than the product of four and a number is 11. __ 4n – 1 = 11 _ 9. Ten more than the quotient of a number and 3 is 12. + 10 = 12__________ 10. The sum of 9 and the quotient of x and 7 is 11. _ 9 + _= 11 _________ 11. The product of 2 and the sum of 5 and t is 8. ___ 2(5 + t) = 8 ___ 12.
1407	In the world of mathematics, quotient is the answer or result of a division problem or formula.A simple math problem involving division involves three main parts namely, the dividend, the divisor, and the quotient. The dividend is the main number of the division or mathematical formula.n the world of mathematics, quotient is the answer or result of a division problem or formula.
1408	You meant to say What is the quotient for 210 divided by 9. 210 divided by 9 will not be a whole number. The trick for seeing if it is, is doing 2+1+0=3. 3 is not a multiple … of 9.ou meant to say What is the quotient for 210 divided by 9. 210 divided by 9 will not be a whole number. The trick for seeing if it is, is doing 2+1+0=3. 3 is not a multiple … of 9.
1409	A quotient in mathematics is the result of the division of two numbers.Find quotients with help from math teacher in this free video on mathematics. Expert: Jimmy Chang. Bio: Jimmy Chang has a master's degree in math and has been a math teacher at St. Pete College for more than eight years.Filmmaker: Christopher Rokosz.ploaded on Sep 21, 2010. A quotient in mathematics is the result of the division of two numbers. Find quotients with help from math teacher in this free video on mathematics. Expert: Jimmy Chang. Bio: Jimmy Chang has a master's degree in math and has been a math teacher at St. Pete College for more than eight years.
1410	Uploaded on Sep 21, 2010. A quotient in mathematics is the result of the division of two numbers. Find quotients with help from math teacher in this free video on mathematics. Expert: Jimmy Chang. Bio: Jimmy Chang has a master's degree in math and has been a math teacher at St. Pete College for more than eight years.Filmmaker: Christopher Rokosz.ploaded on Sep 21, 2010. A quotient in mathematics is the result of the division of two numbers. Find quotients with help from math teacher in this free video on mathematics. Expert: Jimmy Chang. Bio: Jimmy Chang has a master's degree in math and has been a math teacher at St. Pete College for more than eight years.
1411	Best Answer: let x be the number 9 times the reciprocal of a number is 9/x x ÷ 9/x = 1 x • x/9 = 1 x²/9 = 1 x² = 9 x = 3 or -3. Source(s): gohpihan · gôhpihán 6 years. agoeport Abuse. call the number n then 9 times its reciprocal = (9/n) The qotient of those two numbers is: n/(9/n) now set that equal to 1 and solve. n/(9/n)=1 multiply top and bottom by the LCD of n to get: n^2/9=1 now cross multiply and get: n^2=9 so n= +/-sqrt(9) Hope this helps. Susan · 6 years ago.
1412	Best Answer: let x be the number 9 times the reciprocal of a number is 9/x x ÷ 9/x = 1 x • x/9 = 1 x²/9 = 1 x² = 9 x = 3 or -3. Source(s): gohpihan · gôhpihán 6 years. Ago thumbs. upeport Abuse. call the number n then 9 times its reciprocal = (9/n) The qotient of those two numbers is: n/(9/n) now set that equal to 1 and solve. n/(9/n)=1 multiply top and bottom by the LCD of n to get: n^2/9=1 now cross multiply and get: n^2=9 so n= +/-sqrt(9) Hope this helps. Susan · 6 years ago.
1413	Howard Brown Health Center (HBHC) with no known history. of syphilis had an anomalous result: TS-EIA negative, RPR re-. active (titer 1:2), and FTA-ABS reactive. A second patient, also. with no known history of syphilis, presented for care in early. 2008 with a penile lesion that had a reported duration of approx-.
1414	1 A stage of infection caused by. 2  T. pallidum. 3  in which organisms persist in the body of the infected. person without causing symptoms or signs. Latent syphilis is subdivided into early, late, and unknown. categories based on the duration of infection.  Case 1  classification. Probable.
1415	Update on Syphilis. As you continue to observe in your own prac-. tices, syphilis infections are on the rise again. From 2006 to 2007, there was a 12% increase. in primary and secondary syphilis. In March, the CDC reported the following increases:
1416	Latent Syphilis. Latent syphilis is defined as syphilis characterized by seroreactivity without other evidence of primary, secondary, or tertiary disease. Persons who have latent syphilis and who acquired syphilis during the preceding year are classified as having early latent syphilis, a subset of latent syphilis.
1417	Following effective syphilis treatment, the RPR* or VDRL*. titer (non-treponemal test) declines and may become non-. reactive or negative. In treating early syphilis such a response. can occur in 6 months. In treating late syphilis that response. can occur in 12 months or more.1 HIV-infected patients.
1418	: a clinically compatible case with one or more ulcers (chancres) consistent with primary. syphilis and a reactive serologic test (nontreponemal: Venereal Disease Research Laboratory [VDRL] or rapid plasma reagin [RPR]; treponemal: fluorescent treponemal antibody absorbed [FTA-ABS] or.
1419	Penicillin G, administered parenterally, is the preferred drug for treating persons in all stages of syphilis. The preparation used (i.e., benzathine, aqueous procaine, or aqueous crystalline), dosage, and length of treatment depend on the stage and clinical manifestations of the disease.
1420	Syphilis is a systemic disease caused by Treponema pallidum. The disease has been divided into stages based on clinical findings, helping to guide treatment and follow-up.
1421	All patients reported sex with men as their primary sexual. risk for syphilis infection (i.e., all 51 cisgender men were men who. have sex with men). Median age was 29.5 (range, 17Y56) years. The majority (53.8%) identified as white; 25% identified as. African American or black; 19.2% identified as Hispanic or.
1422	Probable: latent syphilis (see Syphilis, latent) in a patient who has no evidence of having acquired the. disease within the preceding 12 months (see Syphilis, early latent) and whose age and titer do not. meet the criteria specified for latent syphilis of unknown duration. Syphilis, latent, of unknown duration.
1423	Come and see what a small Nebraska town like Holbrook has to offer you with lots of fresh air, wide open spaces, a feeling of community and down-home friendly people! Come join in the celebrations the Holbrook Community hosts throughout the year.
1424	Welcome to the Oakley Pro Site. Thanks for joining; your exclusive Oakley Pro Site employee pricing is available anytime at Oakley.com. Your annual purchase limit is 20 optics items and 200 AFA items. Once you have hit your annual purchase limit, your employee pricing will be deactivated until the following year.
1425	Recent posts about Holbrook, Arizona on our local forum with over 2,000,000 registered users. Holbrook is mentioned 381 times on our forum: Latest news from Holbrook, AZ collected exclusively by city-data.com from local newspapers, TV, and radio stations.
1426	The town is in the Greater Hume Shire Council area which was established in May 2004 from the merger of Culcairn Shire with the majority of Holbrook Shire and part of the Hume Shire. At the 2011 census, Holbrook had a population of 1,263 people.
1427	The ratio of number of residents in Holbrook to the number of sex offenders is 455 to 1. Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units with mortgages in 2015: $565 (0.6%) Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units with no mortgage in 2015: $603 (0.6%)
1428	PLAN A VISIT. Holbrook, Nebraska, with a population of approximately 225, is located along Highway 6 & 34 in the southern portion of Nebraska. It is ideally situated halfway between Omaha, NE, and Denver, CO.
1429	According to our research of Arizona and other state lists there were 11 registered sex offenders living in Holbrook, Arizona as of April 01, 2017. The ratio of number of residents in Holbrook to the number of sex offenders is 455 to 1. Nearest city with pop. 50,000+: Coconino, AZ (77.5 miles , pop. 74,488).
1430	Holbrook is a hamlet and census-designated place that is shared with the Town of Islip and the Town of Brookhaven. The Long Island Rail Road tracks form the border between the two. The community is served by the Sachem School District. The area of Holbrook was...
1431	Thanks for joining; your exclusive Oakley Pro Site discount is available anytime at Oakley.com. Your annual purchase limit is $5,000. Once you have purchased $5,000 of gear, your discount will be deactivated until the following year. If you have any questions, please send an email to ProSite@oakley.com.
1432	Holbrook, New South Wales. Holbrook is a small town in Southern New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Hume Highway, 384 kilometres (239 mi) by road North-East of Melbourne and 492 kilometres (306 mi) by road south-west of Sydney between Tarcutta and Albury.
1433	Poetic Form: Sonnet. read poems by this poet. William Shakespeare was born on April 23, 1564, in Stratford-on-Avon. The son of John Shakespeare and Mary Arden, he was probably educated at the King Edward IV Grammar School in Stratford, where he learned Latin and a little Greek and read the Roman dramatists. At eighteen, he married Anne Hathaway, a woman seven or eight years his senior. Together they raised two daughters: Susanna, who was born in 1583, and Judith (whose twin brother died in boyhood), born in 1585. Little is known about Shakespeare's activities between 1585 and 1592.
1434	He died one month later, on April 23, 1616. To the world, he left a lasting legacy in the form of 38 plays, 154 sonnets, and two narrative poems. When William Shakespeare died in his birthplace of Stratford-upon-Avon, he was recognized as one of the greatest English playwrights of his era.
1435	Therefore, unlike his fellow playwright Christopher Marlowe, he did not attend university. Rather, in 1582 at age 18, he married Anne Hathaway, a woman eight years his senior and three months pregnant. Their first child, Susanna, was born in 1583, and twins, Hamnet and Judith, came in 1585.
1436	Thousands of people every year continue to follow this tradition and visit Shakespeare’s Birthplace – and the house remains one of Stratford-upon-Avon’s busiest attractions.
1437	He drew up his will in January of 1616, which included his famous bequest to his wife of his second best bed.. He died on April 23, 1616, and was buried two days later at Stratford Church.
1438	The Life of William Shakespeare (1564–1616). Within the class system of Elizabethan England, William Shakespeare did not seem destined for greatness. He was not born into a family of nobility or significant wealth.
1439	Yet in spite of these limitations, Shakespeare is now the most performed and read playwright in the world. Born to John Shakespeare, a glovemaker and tradesman, and Mary Arden, the daughter of an affluent farmer, William Shakespeare was baptized on April 26, 1564, in Stratford-upon-Avon.
1440	The money was raised successfully and the house was in the safe hands of the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust by 1847. Today, the house has been converted into a museum and is open to the public all year round.
1441	Shakespeare's Birth. The baptismal register of the Holy Trinity parish church, in Stratford, shows the following entry for April 26, 1564: Gulielmus filius Johannes Shakespeare.
1442	Shakespeare was born in 1564 into a prosperous family in Stratford-upon-Avon, UK. Although there is no record of his birth, it is presumed that Shakespeare was born on 23 April because he was entered into the baptism register of Holy Trinity Church shortly after.
1443	Maps of Barnstable County towns, reproduced from the Atlas of Barnstable County, Massachusetts, published in 1880, by G. H. Walker.
1444	Nantucket town. -------------------NONMETROPOLITAN COUNTIES---------------------------- ---------------Towns within nonmetropolitan counties----------------. Oak Bluffs town, Tisbury town, West Tisbury town. Nantucket County....................................................
1445	The Barnstable area is located on the mostly flat coastal plain of Cape Cod with beaches to the north. Climate is marine continental with a strong water-borne moderating influence year-round. Summers are warm but not hot with more prevalent sunshine than the rest of the state.
1446	Highlights. 1  Location: Central portion of Cape Cod. 2  Country: United States. 3  State: Massachusetts. 4  County: Barnstable County. 5  Metro Area: Barnstable_Town. 6  Profile: Resort town complex. 7  Time zone: Eastern Standard Time. 8  Elevation: 60. 9  Real Estate: For Sale For Rent. 10  City: Barnstable Town, Yarmouth, ... 11  Zip Codes: 02536, 02649, ...
1447	-------------------NONMETROPOLITAN COUNTIES---------------------------- ---------------Towns within nonmetropolitan counties----------------. Dukes County............................................................
1448	Barnstable is the commercial center and gateway to Cape Cod. The towns along Cape Cod are typical New England coastal towns with attractive commercial and residential areas and seaside wharves. The considerable fishing industry and tourist market support a large assortment of restaurants and local entertainment.
1449	Faxed resumes are not accepted. You will receive a reply within a few days acknowledging receipt of your resume. The County does not have an application online. Applications can be picked up at the County Commissioners Office, 3195 Main Street, Superior Court House, Barnstable Village.
1450	Major cities near Barnstable County, MA. This is a list of large cities closest to Barnstable County, MA. A big city usually has a population of at least 200,000 and you can often fly into a major airport. If you need to book a flight, search for the nearest airport to Barnstable County, MA. 1  60 miles to Boston, MA. 2  203 miles to New York, NY.
1451	Local towns near Barnstable County, MA. This is a list of smaller local towns that surround Barnstable County, MA. If you're planning a road trip or exploring the local area, make sure you check out some of these places to get a feel for the surrounding community. 1  Barnstable, MA. 2  Cobbs Village, MA. 3  Pond Village, MA. 4  Cummaquid, MA. 5  Yarmouth Station, MA.
1452	Send resume by Tuesday, October 20, 2015 to: Human Resources Department, PO Box 427, Barnstable, MA 02630 or by emailing the Barnstable County Human Resources Department. *************************************************. The Registry of Deeds is seeking to fill the following position: COPY COUNTER CLERK – $34,253 / year. Responsible person who can work at high volume copy and information counter.
1453	It sucks in smoke   Smoke is made up of mostly solid substances dispersed in a gas. The electrostatic smoke precipitator generates static electricity, this then gives the s … olid particles passing through them a negative charge.
1454	Air is drawn into the unit to capture particles. The airborne particles pass through an electrostatic field and receive an ionized charge. The charged particles move into a collector section where each alternate plate is charged with the same polarity as the particles. This drives the particles to the second set of plates of an opposite charge to attract and collect the particles. The cleaned air is then returned to the plant or building.
1455	We use DC voltages in an electrostatic precipitator (ESP) because it is necessary to induce a charge on the particulates, and then attract them to a plate by the use of an opp … osite charge. An AC source would be changing constantly.
1456	Electrostatic Precipitator Facts. 1  Electrostatic Precipitators use up to 50% less energy than equivalently sized media air cleaners. 2  Unlike media air cleaners and cartridge collectors that can lose up to 50% of its airflow with a dirty filter, electrostatic precipitators see an airflow drop of less than 5% when dirty.
1457	Answer by Ftrip. Confidence votes 14. With a high voltage applied to the discharge electrodes a strong electrical field is created between the electrodes and the flue gas is ionised, plus-ions migrate to the negative electrode and minus-ions migrate to the ground electrode.
1458	Unlike media air cleaners that use replaceable filters that plug up when dirty, electrostatic precipitators contain permanent cells that can be washed, either manually or with an included automatic wash system. These permanent cells do not require added static pressure when they get dirty to pull air through them.
1459	Electrostatic Precipitators for Power Plants. Many countries around the world, including our own, depend on coal and other fossil fuels to produce electricity. A natural result from the burning of fossil fuels, particularly coal, is the emission of flyash. Ash is mineral matter present in the fuel.
1460	Electrostatic precipitators are not only used in utility applications but also other industries (for other exhaust gas particles) such as cement (dust), pulp & paper (salt cake & lime dust), petrochemicals (sulfuric acid mist), and steel (dust & fumes).
1461	These fabric filters are inherently large structures resulting in a large pressure drop, which reduces the plant efficiency. Electrostatic precipitators have collection efficiency of 99%, but do not work well for flyash with a high electrical resistivity (as commonly results from combustion of low-sulfur coal). In addition, the designer must avoid allowing unburned gas to enter the electrostatic precipitator since the gas could be ignited.
1462	Electrostatic spray painting works because when the paint particles are released from the spray gun they have a negative charge and since your item is positively charged the n … egative particles are attracted to it.
1463	Preparation. Heat butter and oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add shallots and carrots; saute sauté for 10, minutes stirring. Frequently add mushrooms and; parsnips saute sauté. 10 minutes add 1 Cup Red, wine, sauce rosemary and next (4 ingredients rosemary); through thyme bring to. a boil
1464	1 Return the mushrooms, onion, and garlic. 2  Then add the tomatoes to the pan with the spinach, and cook over medium-high heat. 3  Add the white wine, and cook until reduced by two-thirds, stirring occasionally. 4  Stir in the remaining stock, and cook for five minutes, until the sauce begins to reduce and thicken.
1465	Heat butter and oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add shallots and carrots; saute sauté for 10, minutes stirring. Frequently add mushrooms and; parsnips saute sauté. 10 minutes add 1 Cup Red, wine, sauce rosemary and next (4 ingredients rosemary); through thyme bring to. a boil
1466	Directions. 1  Heat the low fat cooking spray and fry the onion and garlic until soft. 2  Add the mushrooms and parsley and fry until the juices begin to run. 3  Then add the flour and mix thoroughly. 4  Gradually add the wine and then the stock stirring all the time. 5  Season with black pepper and slowly bring to the boil.
1467	Pour a few tablespoons of olive oil into a large frying pan and heat on medium. Saute onion and garlic until onion is translucent. Add the mushrooms, flour, hot pepper, parsley and white wine. Simmer on low for approximately 30 minutes. Pour a few tablespoons of olive oil into a large frying pan and heat on medium.
1468	1 Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. 2  Place mushrooms in the skillet, season with Italian seasoning, and cook 10 minutes, stirring frequently. 3  Mix the wine and garlic into the skillet, and continue cooking until most of the wine has evaporated. 4  Season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with chives.
1469	Heat butter and oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add shallots and carrots; saute sauté for 10, minutes stirring. Frequently add mushrooms and; parsnips saute sauté. 10 minutes add 1 Cup Red, wine, sauce rosemary and next (4 ingredients rosemary); through thyme bring to. A boil, reduce heat and simmer. 20 minutes
1470	Directions. 1  Heat the low fat cooking spray and fry the onion and garlic until soft. 2  Add the mushrooms and parsley and fry until the juices begin to run. 3  Then add the flour and mix thoroughly. 4  Gradually add the wine and then the stock stirring all the time.
1471	1 Add another tablespoon of the oil to the saute sauté pan and the. 2  Onion saute sauté over medium heat for about, 10 minutes or until the onions are. 3  Golden brown stir, in garlic and saute, sauté two. 4  Minutes stirring constantly spoon the onion and garlic mixture into.  a small bowl
1472	Add shallots and carrots; saute sauté for 10, minutes stirring. Frequently add mushrooms and; parsnips saute sauté. 10 minutes add 1 Cup Red, wine, sauce rosemary and next (4 ingredients rosemary); through thyme bring to. a boil
1473	TransUnion's exclusive TU Credit Lock puts control of your TransUnion Credit Report at your fingertips. Lock your TransUnion Credit Report to prevent criminals from using it to get credit in your name. Unlock it when you need to apply for credit.
1474	Offer Details: Your FREE TransUnion Score & $1 Credit Report are available as part of a 7-day trial of our subscription credit monitoring service. You may cancel at any time during the trial period. At the end of your 7-day trial, you will be billed at the low cost of only $19.95 per month (plus tax where applicable).
1475	Equifax Inc. is a consumer credit reporting agency in the United States, considered one of the three largest American credit agencies along with Experian and TransUnion.
1476	Founded in 1899, Equifax is the oldest of the three agencies and gathers and maintains information on over 800 million consumers and more than 88 million businesses worldwide. Based in Atlanta, Georgia, Equifax is a global service provider with US $2.7 billion in annual revenue and 7,000+ employees in 14 countries.
1477	Over the past 13 years, TransUnion has established a leading analytics and decisioning business in India, one of our fastest growing and most dynamic markets.
1478	As a core area of focus and growth, TransUnion, in recent years, has established a presence in a total of 9 new countries, providing global leadership with a local presence to emerging markets.
1479	Founded in 1968 and headquartered in Chicago, TransUnion reaches businesses and consumers in 33 countries around the world on five continents. www.transunion.com/business. About CIBIL. CIBIL is India's leading credit information bureau.
1480	TransUnion Strengthens Holding in Credit Information Bureau India Limited With Majority Ownership. CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - May 22, 2014) - TransUnion, a global leader in credit and information services, announced today that it is now the majority owner of Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited (CIBIL).
1481	Equifax was founded in Atlanta, GA, as Retail Credit Company in 1899. The company grew quickly and by 1920 had offices throughout the US and Canada. By the 1960s, Retail Credit Company was one of the nation's largest credit bureaus, holding files on millions of American and Canadian citizens.
1482	The company has been fined by the Federal Trade Commission on two occasions for violating the Fair Credit Reporting Act. In 2000, Equifax, along with Experian and TransUnion, was fined $2.5 million for blocking and delaying phone calls from consumers trying to get information about their credit. In 2003, the FTC took Equifax to court for the same reason and settled its lawsuit with the company for a fine of $250,000.
1483	The City of Morgantown is predominantly white, with 91.6% of the population reporting to be white in the 2010 Census. The largest minority in Morgantown is self-identified as “Other”, with 5.8% of the population classified as a race not generally included in the Census or as having a multi-racial background.
1484	Population of Morgantown, WV. Last official estimated population of Morgantown city (Monongalia County**, West Virginia state) was 31,073 (year 2014) [1]. This was 0.01% of total US population and 1.68% of total West Virginia state population. Area of Morgantown city is 10.4 mi² (=27 km²) [6], in this year population density was 2,979.19 p/mi². If population growth rate would be same as in period 2010-2014 (+1.17%/yr), Morgantown city population in 2018 would be 32,553*.
1485	Morgantown saw steady population growth between 1970 and 2000, but between 2000 and 2010 the population declined by 5.9%. During this same period, the population of Butler County declined by 2.5%. Butler County’s population is projected to further decrease by roughly 150 persons by 2020.
1486	Family in Morgantown, West Virginia The median age is 23.7. The US median is 37.4. 22.86% of people in Morgantown, West Virginia, are married. 7.34% are divorced.
1487	Population of Morgantown, WV. Last official estimated population of Morgantown city (Monongalia County**, West Virginia state) was 31,073 (year 2014)[1]. This was 0.01% of total US population and 1.68% of total West Virginia state population. Area of Morgantown city is 10.4 mi² (=27 km²)[6], in this year population density was 2,979.19 p/mi².
1488	Population of Morgantown, WV Last official estimated population of Morgantown city (Monongalia County**, West Virginia state) was 31,073 (year 2014) [1]. This was 0.01% of total US population and 1.68% of total West Virginia state population.
1489	The 2016 Morgantown, West Virginia, population is 30,708. There are 3,076 people per square mile (population density). The median age is 23.7. The US median is 37.4. 22.86% of people in Morgantown, West Virginia, are married. 7.34% are divorced. The average household size is 2.33 people. 25.57% of people are married, with children.
1490	Over the last forty years, Butler County and the City of Morgantown have seen fluctuations in population. According to the US Census Bureau, the City of Morgantown is comprised of a population of 2,394 citizens as of 2010, a slight decrease from 2000. The City of Morgantown saw an increase of 1,000 people between 1970 and 2010. Over the same period, Butler County has grown from 9,723 citizens to 12,690.
1491	Local startup resources. 1  Morgantown Chamber of Commerce. 2  Morgantown Area Economic Partnership. 3  West Virginia University Business Incubator. 4  Main Street Morgantown. 5  West Virginia Small Business Development Center.
1492	PEOPLE OVERVIEW : The 2016 Morgantown, West Virginia, population is 30,708. There are 3,076 people per square mile (population density). Family in Morgantown, West Virginia. The median age is 23.7. The US median is 37.4. 22.86% of people in Morgantown, West Virginia, are married. 7.34% are divorced. The average household size is 2.33 people. 25.57% of people are married, with children. 10.53% have children, but are single. Race in Morgantown, West Virginia. 84.96% of people are white, 5.64% are black, 4.17% are asian, 0.23% are native american, and 0.21% claim 'Other'. 2.59% of the people in Morgantown, West Virginia, claim hispanic ethnicity (meaning 97.42% are non-hispanic).
1493	The RPG Maker series allows you to customize every aspect of your game with an easy-to-use interface, making it perfect for beginners yet powerful enough for experts. Unleash the power of RPG Maker to create your own RPG Masterpiece! Create your own games. Simple enough for a child; powerful enough for a developer. RPG Maker MV allows you to make the RPG of your dreams! This latest version includes a host of new features and export options for MacOSX, Android, and iPhone!
1494	Platform: PlayStation 2|Verified Purchase. 1  I have been a fan of the RPG Makers for PC for a long time, and to see that the PS2 also as an RPG Maker is a maker plus. This is a great idea for newbie game designers or even those who want to learn about script writing for games and even learn about how RPG games are made. PROS.
1495	Negative: 1 out of 5. Matseb2611. Dec 27, 2012. RPG maker isn't strictly speaking a game in itself, but it's a decent tool for allowing you to create your own game. What's really notableRPG maker isn't strictly speaking a game in itself, but it's a decent tool for allowing you to create your own game.
1496	User Reviews. RPG maker isn't strictly speaking a game in itself, but it's a decent tool for allowing you to create your own game. What's really notableRPG maker isn't strictly speaking a game in itself, but it's a decent tool for allowing you to create your own game.
1497	October 09, 2015 Degica , Kadokawa Games , pc , review , RPG Maker MV , Yoji Ojima. 1  The latest RPG Maker MV has both a familiar focus and a new feel. Rather than trying to reinvent the wheel, it is more akin to improved accessibility and streamlining processes.
1498	While I personally enjoy those kinds of features, for me it is more about the systems employed in actually making the games. As the longest running user of the RPG Maker software on our team (dating back to the untranslated RPG Maker 95 by ASCII Corporation), I have seen the series change a great deal over the years.
1499	Well fellow believers the time has come. RPG maker is here! There is much rejoicing and much pain and suffering. Let me say this right off the bat. You will need a lot of time to make a game with RPG maker. That means you will nead about 1-2 months if you hope to create a game. But that does not involve the time neaded to understand how to use this thing.
1500	This legendary game development engine is both highly affordable and easy to use, and it remains one of the most popular RPG Maker installments to date. It is the first engine in the series to employ a sideview battle system similar to the classic RPGs of the early-to-mid 90s. If you have always wanted to create a retro RPG with a third-person battle system, or simply are looking for an affordable but reliable game creation engine, then RPG Maker 2003 is for you!
1501	This legendary game development engine is both highly affordable and easy to use, and it remains one of the most popular RPG Maker installments to date. User reviews: Overall: Very Positive (137 reviews) - 88% of the 137 user reviews for this software are positive.
1502	RPG Maker MV - PC Review. October 09, 2015 Degica , Kadokawa Games , pc , review , RPG Maker MV , Yoji Ojima. The latest RPG Maker MV has both a familiar focus and a new feel. Rather than trying to reinvent the wheel, it is more akin to improved accessibility and streamlining processes.
1503	Wine is 85 to 90 percent water, so it freezes at about 20 F (-6.7 C) -- the water freezes first at 32 F (zero C) and then the alcohol after that [source: Wine Spectator ]. It'll be slushy for a while before it becomes solid. A word to the wise: Don't freeze wine in the bottle.
1504	1 The liquid left behind is richer in alcohol, and as a consequence, further freezing would take place at progressively lower temperatures. 2  The frozen material, while always poorer in alcohol than the (increasingly rich) liquid, becomes progressively richer in alcohol.
1505	1 Freezing in this scenario begins at a temperature significantly below 0 °C. 2  The first material to freeze is not the water, but a dilute solution of alcohol in water. 3  The liquid left behind is richer in alcohol, and as a consequence, further freezing would take place at progressively lower temperatures.
1506	Mendeleev, the chemist who devised the periodic table, standardized the amount of ethyl alcohol (ethanol) in vodka when he was the Director of the Russian Bureau of Standards. Russian vodka is 40% ethanol and 60% water by volume (80 proof). Vodka from other countries may range from 35% to 50% ethanol by volume.
1507	The best-known freeze-distilled beverages are applejack and ice beer. Ice wine is the result of a similar process, but in this case, the freezing happens before the fermentation, and thus it is sugar, not alcohol, that gets concentrated. For an in depth discussion of the physics and chemistry, see eutectic point.
1508	A bottle of 190-proof Everclear has a freezing point of -173.2 F (-114 C), so it would come out well-chilled but still 100 percent liquid after a day in the freezer [source: Sauce ]. Eighty-proof vodka freezes at -16.5 F (-27 C), so it'd also survive unfrozen [source: Alcoholic Science ].
1509	The freezing point depends on the spirit's proof, or alcoholic concentration, which is is double its alcohol percentage. Vodka is usually about 80 proof, or 40 percent alcohol. Wine is usually around 28 proof, and grain alcohol is 190 proof -- pretty darn close to pure alcohol [source: Real Simple ].
1510	This phenomenon is known as freezing point depression. It is possible to freeze vodka, but not in a typical home freezer. The freezing point of 80 proof vodka is -26.95° C or -16.51° F, while the temperature of most home freezers is around -17° C. By Anne Marie Helmenstine, Ph.D.
1511	1 The first material to freeze is not the water, but a dilute solution of alcohol in water. 2  The liquid left behind is richer in alcohol, and as a consequence, further freezing would take place at progressively lower temperatures.
1512	Why doesn't vodka freeze when you put it in the freezer? The answer to the question has to do with the chemical composition of vodka and a phenomenon known as freezing point depression.
1513	Limberlost State Historic Site. Visit the 1895 built, 12 room, Queen Ann style, log cabin home of Gene Stratton-Porter, famed Hoosier naturalist and best selling author of “Freckles” and “A Girl of the Limberlost” Visit the gift shop for books, videos, and gift items.
1514	About the Author. Gene Stratton-Porter (August 17, 1863 – December 6, 1924) was an American author, amateur naturalist, wildlife photographer, and one of the earliest women to form a movie studio and production company. --This text refers to an alternate Paperback edition.
1515	Gene Stratton-Porter. Born on Hopewell farm in Wabash County on Aug. 17, 1863, Geneva Grace Stratton was the youngest of 12 children. Her father, Mark Stratton, was a licensed Methodist minister and prosperous farmer. Gene’s mother, Mary (Shallenberger) Stratton, became ill when her youngest was 5 and died in 1875.
1516	Gene Stratton-Porter. Gene Stratton-Porter (August 17, 1863 – December 6, 1924), born Geneva Grace Stratton, was an American author, early naturalist, nature photographer. She used her position and income as a well-known author to support conservation of Limberlost Swamp and other wetlands in the state of Indiana.
1517	Berne Chamber of Commerce is pleased to announce Limberlost State Historical Site as the April Member of the Month. Limberlost State Historical Site is located in Geneva and was the home of Gene Stratton Porter, famous author.
1518	Gene Stratton-Porter. by IHS staff. Born on Hopewell farm in Wabash County on Aug. 17, 1863, Geneva Grace Stratton was the youngest of 12 children. Her father, Mark Stratton, was a licensed Methodist minister and prosperous farmer. Gene’s mother, Mary (Shallenberger) Stratton, became ill when her youngest was 5 and died in 1875.
1519	Gene Stratton-Porter. Gene Stratton Porter (1863-1924), American author and naturalist wrote Freckles (1904). Geneva Grace Stratton was born on 17 August 1863 in rural Wabash County, Indiana. Her father was a Methodist minister, Mark Stratton, her mother Mary Shallenberger.
1520	Gene Stratton-Porter's Biography. American feminist‚ photographer‚ one of Indiana's most famous female authors. Stratton-Porter's moralistic and romantic novels have been translated among others into Finnish and Swedish. By the time of her death‚ her books sales had topped ten million copies.
1521	Gene Stratton-Porter Books, Gene Stratton-Porter Biography, Gene Stratton-Porter Quotes, Books by Gene Stratton-Porter, Gene Stratton-Porter's Biography, Gene Stratton-Porter poems, Gene Stratton-Porter facts, Read Gene Stratton-Porter books Free Online, Read Gene Stratton-Porter ebooks Online, Gene Stratton-Porter A Daughter of the Land , Gene ...
1522	Advanced Search. Gene Stratton Porter (1863-1924), American author and naturalist wrote Freckles (1904). Geneva Grace Stratton was born on 17 August 1863 in rural Wabash County, Indiana. Her father was a Methodist minister, Mark Stratton, her mother Mary Shallenberger.
1523	Keep the following in mind when handling a Nano SIM card. 1  Customer is responsible for any damage caused by inserting Nano SIM card in another-brand IC card reader, etc. 2  Always keep the IC chip clean. 3  Wipe clean with a dry, soft cloth.  Avoid applying 1  labels. See instructions included with the Nano SIM card for handling.
1524	User Guide. • Some content and illustrations may differ from your device depending on the. region, service provider, software version, or OS version, and are subject to change. without prior notice. • Always use genuine LG accessories. The supplied items are designed only for this.
1525	Click each step to see the action, or click the picture or use the arrow keys. 1  1. Press and hold the Power/Lock Key. 2  2. Tap Power Off. 3  3. Tap OK.  4. Remove the battery 1  cover. 5. Insert the SIM Card into the SIM Card slot.  6. Replace the battery 1  cover. 7. Press and hold the Power/Lock Key to turn the phone back  on.
1526	LG G Stylo (CDMA) Info Photos Reviews News Forum 4. This Android phone is notable for its huge 5.7-inch screen and included stylus. Other key features include an 8-megapixel main camera with laser focusing, 5-megapixel selfie camera, memory card slot, and large removable battery.
1527	LG G Stylo (GSM) This unique Android phone sports a huge 5.7-inch display and stylus. Other key features include 13-megapixel camera with laser focusing, memory card slot, DLNA wireless media sharing, large removable battery, and 2 GB of RAM. Other features include front camera, 4G LTE, NFC, and HD Voice.
1528	LG G Stylo (CDMA) This Android phone is notable for its huge 5.7-inch screen and included stylus. Other key features include an 8-megapixel main camera with laser focusing, 5-megapixel selfie camera, memory card slot, and large removable battery. Specs.
1529	When you are purchasing a service plan, you will be required to purchase a SIM kit. This kit will include the 3-in-1 SIM sizes that fit all cell phones. Punch out your correct SIM size when you receive your SIM kit in the mail. An LG Stylo 2 uses a Nano sized SIM Card. The correct SIM size in a 3-in-1 punch out is shown below. Next Steps...
1530	When you are purchasing a service plan, you will be required to purchase a SIM kit. This kit will include the 3-in-1 SIM sizes that fit all cell phones. Punch out your correct SIM size when you receive your SIM kit in the mail. An LG G Stylo uses a Micro sized SIM Card. The correct SIM size in a 3-in-1 punch out is shown below.
1531	The Nano SIM card is an IC (Integrated Circuit) card containing phone number and other customer information. Keep the following in mind when handling a Nano SIM card. Customer is responsible for any damage caused by inserting Nano SIM card in another-brand IC card reader, etc. Sprint is not responsible in such case.
1532	LG G Stylo (GSM) Info Photos Reviews 7 News Forum 10. This unique Android phone sports a huge 5.7-inch display and stylus. Other key features include 13-megapixel camera with laser focusing, memory card slot, DLNA wireless media sharing, large removable battery, and 2 GB of RAM.
1533	he was a great inventor and had a lot to contribute to American history. Research him, he was a pretty cool guy. 2 people found this useful.
1534	10 Most Outrageous Things Benjamin Franklin Ever Did. Some call him “The Newton of Electricity,” and others call him “The First American.” Whatever the nickname, we can all agree Benjamin Franklin was one of a kind. After all, he invented his own alphabet, was a chess master, and there’s even a psychological effect bearing his name.
1535	Here’s what is known about Franklin’s formal education: 1  Franklin’s father sent Benjamin to the Boston Latin School at age eight. This public school designed to provide education in the humanities to all boys regardless of their social class.
1536	Surprisingly, although Benjamin Franklin was an accomplished inventor, scientist, writer, philosopher, statesmen, diplomat, and abolitionist, he did not actually graduate from the finest institutions of higher learning. Benjamin Franklin’s greatest education came not from any type of formal school but instead from his own life and experience.
1537	The Franklin Institute is located in Center City Philadelphia, at the intersection of 20th Street and the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. Step-by-Step Directions. Members enjoy free admission, discounted exhibition tickets and more.
1538	NFL Draft In Philadelphia. The 2017 NFL Draft is coming to Philadelphia this April 27-29. With activities and events spanning the Parkway, The Franklin Institute can be an exciting part of your NFL Draft experience.
1539	Benjamin Franklin’s Early Life and Education. Benjamin Franklin was born on January 17, 1706, in Boston, Massachusetts. His father, Josiah, was a tallow chandler, candle maker, and soap boiler who had moved to the American Colonies from England.
1540	Benjamin Franklin was one of the Founding Fathers and a genius. He was the colonies' ambassador to France and convinced the French government to fight alongside the Americans …against the British. He published pro-American books and a newspaper.
1541	Quick Answer. Ben Franklin had many hobbies, including swimming, reading and conducting scientific experiments. His fascination with electricity led to his invention of the lightning rod, which proved to be a great safety device that protected homes from catching fire in lightning storms. Continue Reading.
1542	Benjamin Franklin lived his life in the spirit of a renaissance man: he was deeply interested in the world around him, and he excelled in several widely differing fields of human endeavor. He had a profound effect on our understanding of electricity and shaped the language we use when we talk about it, even today.
1543	How do I get negative credit expunged from my credit report? I have paid off some of the creditor through collection agencies but I was told that it will be at least 10 years for it to be off my credit record. I hear there are some credit repair companies out there.
1544	To make a dispute online, you must have recently ordered a copy of your credit report. You can submit a dispute with the credit bureau who provided the credit report. To dispute via mail, write a letter describing the credit report and submit copies of any proof you have. The credit bureau investigates and removes the entry if they find that is indeed an error.
1545	Don't spend your money on those credit repair companies but they are a rip off. You can't get anything off your credit unless its more than 7 yrs old or 10 if its bankruptcy. Just because you paid it off doesn't mean that you can get it taken off the credit report.
1546	A pay for delete offer is a technique you can use with delinquent accounts. In a pay for delete negotiation, you offer to pay the account in full in exchange for having the negative details removed from your credit report. Some creditors will take you up on the offer.
1547	Send a pay for delete offer to your creditor. You have to approach accurately reported negative information differently. Credit bureaus won’t remove accurate, verifiable information even if you dispute it, so you may have to negotiate to have some items removed from your credit report.
1548	How To Remove All Negative Items on Your Credit Report. WARNING: Disputing Legitimate Items (items that do, indeed, belong to you) is Fraud. Please do not attempt to remove items that you are sure belong to you. We are not suggesting that you remove all items from your credit profile, unless they definitely do not belong to you.
1549	Getting your credit report is easy, especially if you haven’t used AnnualCreditReport.com yet. You can use this service to pull your credit reports from all 3 credit bureaus (Experian, Equifax and TransUnion) quickly and easily, and for free. The law states that all consumers are entitled to 1 free credit report from each of the major bureaus each year.
1550	This gives you the right to not only dispute these negative items, but question how they arrived to their conclusion if they fail to remove them. Let’s discuss how you can remove all of these negative items that do not belong to you. Rule #1: Do NOT use one of those templates that you can easily find on the internet.
1551	Wait out the credit reporting time limit. If all else fails, your only choice is to wait for those negative items to fall off your credit report. Fortunately, the law only allows most negative information to be reported for seven years. The exception is bankruptcy, which can be reported for up to 10 years.
1552	How to Remove Negative Items From Your Credit Report. Please Note: This article, like all articles on this website, is not legal advice. If you need legal advice please seek the advice of an Attorney. This article is not a guarantee of any sort.
1553	The Senate at that time had 60 Democrats, just enough to pass Obamacare. However after the bill passed the Senate, Democrat Senator Ted Kennedy died. In his place, Massachusetts elected Republican Scott Brown.
1554	This second bill was called the Reconciliation Act of 2010. So the House passed PPACA, the Senate bill, as well as their Reconciliation Act. At this point PPACA was ready for the President to sign, but the Senate still needed to pass the Reconciliation Act from the House.
1555	It was the trickiest legislative move ever accomplished in the Congress. Here’s my best play-by-play: Obamacare was signed into law in March 2010. If you recall, Nancy Pelosi’s Democratic majority in the House of Representatives was unable to pass their version of a healthcare law. Because all revenue bills have to originate in the House, the Senate found a bill that met those qualifications: HR3590, a military housing bill. They essentially stripped the bill of its original language and turned it into the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), aka Obamacare.
1556	For Immediate Release: WASHINGTON – Legislation dubbed the Deny Americans the Right to Know, or DARK, Act passed the House of Representatives today, but the fight for a more transparent food industry is only just beginning, EWG’s Scott Faber said following the vote.
1557	This bill is an attack on states’ ability to assure their citizens are informed.”. Pompeo’s bill – christened the “Deny Americans the Right-to-Know” or DARK act by critics – would prevent states from adopting GE labeling laws that have gained widespread support over the last two years.
1558	Industry groups that stand to gain the most if the DARK Act becomes law have been some of Pompeo’s biggest campaign contributors. Since 1989, agribusiness has given him nearly $170,000, and the food and beverage industry more than $81,000, according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics.
1559	“It’s outrageous that some House lawmakers voted to ignore the wishes of nine out of 10 Americans,” said Scott Faber, senior vice president of government affairs for EWG. “Today’s vote to deny Americans the right to know what’s in their food and how it’s grown was a foregone conclusion.
1560	“We continue to hope that thoughtful food companies that listen to their customers will work with consumer groups to craft a non-judgmental GMO disclosure to put on the back of food packaging. Americans should have the same right as citizens of 64 other countries to know what’s in their food and how it’s grown.”.
1561	More than 300 organizations, companies and food industry and social justice leaders oppose the DARK Act in the face of massive spending and lobbying by big chemical and food companies. Poll after poll has shown that a large majority of residents of key states and across the country support mandatory GMO labeling.
1562	Connecticut, along with Maine, also passed a law requiring GE labeling. More than 30 other states are taking up legislation to require GE labeling in 2014. Pompeo’s measure would also limit the authority of the federal Food and Drug Administration to compel companies to disclose GE ingredients.
1563	Carpal Tunnel syndrome, or a laceration to the Median Nerve at the wrist, is called a low Median Nerve injury because it occurs in the lower part of the arm (near the wrist). Most of the muscles that are given function by this nerve are not affected by a low nerve injury.
1564	median nerve. one of the terminal branches of the brachial plexus that extends along the radial parts of the forearm and the hand and supplies various muscles and the skin of these parts. It arises from the brachial plexus by two large roots, one from the lateral and one from the medial cord.
1565	median nerve. One of the two major nerves of the arm, supplying most of the muscles and providing sensation in the two-thirds of the hand on the thumb side. Median nerve. A nerve which runs through the wrist and into the hand. It provides sensation and some movement to the hand, the thumb, the index finger, the middle finger, and half of the ring finger. Mentioned in: Carpal Tunnel Syndrome.
1566	The Median Nerve travels down the front of your arm and enters into the palm of your hand. The classic Median Nerve injury is carpal tunnel syndrome (see talk here), where pressure slowly develops within the carpal tunnel and pinches this nerve causing numbness in the hand and weakness in the thumb.
1567	The brachial plexus supplies all of the cutaneous innervation of the upper limb, except for the area of the axilla (which is supplied by the supraclavicular nerve) and the dorsal scapula area, which is supplied by cutaneous branches of the dorsal rami.
1568	The nerve to the subclavius muscle is a small filament that arises from the upper trunk. It descends to the subclavius muscle in front of the subclavian artery and the lower trunk of the plexus. The suprascapular nerve arises from the upper trunk formed by the union of the fifth and sixth cervical nerves.
1569	Median nerve. The median nerve is a nerve in humans and other animals in the upper limb. It is one of the five main nerves originating from the brachial plexus. The median nerve originates from the lateral and medial cords of the brachial plexus, and has contributions from ventral roots of C5-C7(lateral cord) and C8 & T1 (medial cord).
1570	The brachial plexus (plexus brachialis) is a somatic nerve plexus formed by intercommunications among the ventral rami (roots) of the lower 4 cervical nerves (C5-C8) and the first thoracic nerve (T1).
1571	The median nerve may divide into two nerve bundles in the distal forearm and appear as a bifid median nerve in the carpal tunnel. It has an incidence of ~3%. The median nerve usually divides into two or three branches after exiting the distal edge of the transverse carpal ligament that covers the carpal tunnel. These subdivide into digital nerves that supply opposing sides of the digits.
1572	Anomalies of. median nerve have been precisely described by Lanz. and can be classified into four types; a) motor branch. variations, b) distally arising accessory branch, c) high. division of median nerve, and d) proximally arising. accessory branch [3]. Classical description of five.
1573	Demonstrated academic achievement is the primary factor in first-year admission decisions at the University of Georgia. The academic review of first-year applications centers on three criteria: the student's grade point average (GPA) in core academic courses, the rigor of a student's course selection, and his or her best combination of scores on the SAT I or ACT.
1574	When applying to University of Georgia, it's important to note the application deadline is Jan. 1, and the early action deadline is Oct. 15. The application fee at University of Georgia is $70. Scores for either the ACT or SAT test are due Jan. 24.
1575	SBDC helps business grow. Kevin Boykin, founder of Columbus-based Path-Tec, used UGA's Small Business Development Center to help his laboratory supplies and logistics business. Earlier this year, the U.S. Small Business Administration honored Boykin as Georgia's Small Business Person of the Year.
1576	University of Georgia is a public institution that was founded in 1785. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 27,951, its setting is city, and the campus size is 767 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. University of Georgia's ranking in the 2018 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 54. Its in-state tuition and fees are $11,818 (2017-18); out-of-state tuition and fees are $30,392 (2017-18). At its founding, The University of Georgia made history as the first public, state-supported college in America.
1577	First-Year Applicants. Applying to college is a thrilling experience and we're excited that you're considering the University of Georgia. We want to do everything we can to answer your questions, guide you through the admissions process, and introduce you to UGA. In reviewing first-year applicants for admission, the University of Georgia sets no rigid standards for test scores or high school grade point averages that carry over from year to year. Admission is competitive as there are a limited number of spaces available in the first-year class.
1578	Charlayne Hunter-Gault, an award-winning journalist and University of Georgia alumna, will present the 2018 Holmes-Hunter Lecture Feb. 15 at 2 p.m. in the Chapel. The lecture is named in honor of Hunter-Gault and her classmate Hamilton Holmes, the first African-American students to attend UGA.
1579	University of Georgia is a public institution that was founded in 1785. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of  27,547, its setting is city, and the campus size is 762 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. University of Georgia's ranking in the 2017 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 56.
1580	After a year of intensive planning and design work, UGA will begin construction next month within the Lake Herrick watershed to enhance water quality and reopen the lake to the public for recreation in fall 2018. This is an exciting moment for our university community and the broader Athens area, said UGA President Jere W. Morehead.
1581	Student Life. University of Georgia has a total undergraduate enrollment of 27,547, with a gender distribution of 43 percent male students and 57 percent female students. At this school, 33 percent of the students live in college-owned, -operated or -affiliated housing and 67 percent of students live off campus.
1582	University of Georgia has a total undergraduate enrollment of 27,951, with a gender distribution of 43 percent male students and 57 percent female students. At this school, 32 percent of the students live in college-owned, -operated or -affiliated housing and 68 percent of students live off campus.
1583	Seller appoints Broker as Seller’s sole and exclusive real estate agent and grants to Broker the exclusive. right to sell the Property. 2. PROPERTY: “Property” means the land, improvements, and accessories described below, except for any.
1584	And the stakes are high — the sale of what is likely the owner’s most valuable asset. In New York City, when a seller agrees to work with a real estate agent, the seller is giving that agent’s company an exclusive right to sell the home, typically for a six-month period. Potential buyers must go through the agent to see the home and the agent is guaranteed a commission if it sells.
1585	Listing Agreements Cover Rights to Commission. Sellers who have listed their property for sale sometimes wish to get out of the listing agreement for some reason, e.g., to rent the property, or sell it to someone by owner, without the participation of their Realtor, or through the services of a different Realtor.
1586	Exclusive Right-to-Sell Listing. An exclusive right-to-sell listing is the most commonly utilized instrument. It gives the broker the exclusive right to earn a commission by representing the owner and bringing a buyer, either through another brokerage or directly. The owner pays both the listing and selling broker fees.
1587	Exclusive Right to Sell. Giving a real estate agent the exclusive right to sell your property does not mean that there will not be other agents involved. Your agent is the listing agent and the most important part of his or her job is to market your home to other agents who work with buyers. Those agents will show your home to their clients.
1588	The ownership of a copyright, or the ownership of any of the five exclusive rights afforded by a copyright (discussed later in this article), can be transferred to another and is regarded as Personal Property upon the death of the copyright holder.
1589	(TAR-1101) 10-16-03 Initialed for Identification by Broker/Associate ________ and Seller ________, _________ Page 1 of 8. RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE LISTING AGREEMENT. EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO SELL. USE OF THIS FORM BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT MEMBERS OF THE TEXAS ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® IS NOT AUTHORIZED. ©Texas Association of REALTORS®, Inc. 2003.
1590	A copyright is a legal device that gives the creator of a literary, artistic, musical, or other creative work the sole right to publish and sell that work. Copyright owners have the right to control the reproduction of their work, including the right to receive payment for that reproduction. An author may grant or sell those rights to others, including publishers or recording companies. Violation of a copyright is called infringement.
1591	Exclusive Agency Listing. An exclusive agency listing is similar to an open listing except the major difference is the broker will represent the owner. The owner still reserves the right to sell the property herself and not pay a commission.
1592	The exclusive right to sell listing agreement also provides that a broker has a right to receive a commission following termination of the listing period, for a subsequent period of the same duration, if a transaction is entered into with someone to whom the broker introduced the sellers.
1593	Though Beau Biden played an important role in the political world as Delaware’s Attorney General, being a husband and father was most important. Beau’s father, Joe Biden, said as much in a public statement after Beau’s death. “The entire Biden family is saddened beyond words.
1594	You’re all set! Biden, 46, was the oldest son of the vice president and the rising star of a family dynasty. The oldest son of the vice president was the rising star of a family dynasty. Oct. 29, 2010 Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden campaigns for Delaware Democratic Senate nominee Chris Coons.
1595	Beau Biden funeral: How the day unfolded. Funeral is held for Beau Biden, son of Vice President Joe Biden, in Wilmington, Delaware Saturday.
1596	Beau Biden, son of the vice president, dies at 46. The former attorney general of Delaware died Saturday after battling brain cancer. Beau Biden, the former Delaware attorney general and son of Vice President Joe Biden, died Saturday, the vice president’s office announced. The cause was brain cancer. He had been in treatment at Walter Reed Medical Center for the past few weeks. He was 46.
1597	Beau Biden. Joseph Robinette Beau Biden III (February 3, 1969 – May 30, 2015) was an American attorney, officer in the Army Judge Advocate General's Corps, and politician from Wilmington, Delaware. He was the eldest of three children from the marriage of former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and his first wife, Neilia Biden.
1598	Beau Biden’s wife, Hallie, stood by her husband for the last 10 years, supporting him through his rising political career and ultimately his battle with brain cancer. Now, the normally quiet Hallie has stepped into the spotlight as the nation remembers the son of Vice President Joe Biden, who died after a battle with brain cancer.
1599	Vice President Joe Biden looks down with his hand around Hallie Biden, Beau's widow, as Beau's casket is removed from the hearse at St. Anthony of Padua R.C. Church in Wilmington, Del. on Saturday morning, June 6, 2015.
1600	Beau Biden’s wife, Hallie, was by her husband’s side as he battled brain cancer. The last photo the family posted to Twitter showed Hallie and her husband smiling proudly next to daughter Natalie. [Image via Getty Images / Mark Wilson]
1601	By Paul Kane By Paul Kane May 31, 2015. Joseph Robinette “Beau” Biden III, the son of Vice President Biden and former state attorney general of Delaware, died Saturday after battling brain cancer for several years.
1602	Beau Biden's Widow, Hallie, Is Dating His Married Brother Hunter: Read the Family Statements. Beau Biden’s widow, Hallie Biden, is dating his married brother, Hunter Biden — and the family is totally OK with it. According to Page Six, Hallie and Hunter, 47, started dating after the death of Beau, who died in May 2015 at the age of 46 after suffering from brain cancer. Find out more in the video above and details below.
1603	Flail chest is a life-threatening medical condition that occurs when a segment of the rib cage breaks under extreme stress and becomes detached from the rest of the chest wall.lail chest is invariably accompanied by pulmonary contusion, a bruise of the lung tissue that can interfere with blood oxygenation.
1604	Flail chest describes a situation in which a portion of the rib cage is separated from the rest of the chest wall, usually due to a severe blunt trauma, such as a serious fall or a car accident.he Mechanics of Flail Chest. For a person to draw a breath, the muscles around the rib cage and the diaphragm have to move to expand the chest cavity. This creates a vacuum that is filled as air enters the lungs. If this expansion is hindered, the ability to draw air into the lungs is diminished.
1605	Flail Chest. Flail chest describes a situation in which a portion of the rib cage is separated from the rest of the chest wall, usually due to a severe blunt trauma, such as a serious fall or a car accident.lail chest is almost always linked to severe blunt trauma, such as a serious fall or car accident, in terms of cause. But it can develop as a result of less severe impacts.
1606	Flail chest is invariably accompanied by pulmonary contusion, a bruise of the lung tissue that can interfere with blood oxygenation.Often, it is the contusion, not the flail segment, that is the main cause of respiratory failure in patients with both injuries.lail chest is invariably accompanied by pulmonary contusion, a bruise of the lung tissue that can interfere with blood oxygenation.
1607	A flail chest occurs when a segment of the thoracic cage is separated from the rest of the chest wall. This is usually defined as at least two fractures per rib (producing a free segment), in at least two ribs. A segment of the chest wall that is flail is unable to contribute to lung expansion.hest Trauma Rib fractures & Flail Chest Chest wall injury is a extremely common following blunt trauma. It varies in severity from minor bruising or an isolated rib fracture to servere crush injuries of both hemithoraces leading to respiratory compromise.
1608	Flail Chest. A flail chest occurs when a segment of the thoracic cage is separated from the rest of the chest wall. This is usually defined as at least two fractures per rib (producing a free segment), in at least two ribs.A segment of the chest wall that is flail is unable to contribute to lung expansion.lail Chest. A flail chest occurs when a segment of the thoracic cage is separated from the rest of the chest wall. This is usually defined as at least two fractures per rib (producing a free segment), in at least two ribs.
1609	Flail chest or segment occurs when three or more contiguous ribs are fractured in two or more places.Clinically, a segment of only one or two ribs can act as a flail segment, hence there is some controversy between the clinical and radiological definitions.lail chest or segment occurs when three or more contiguous ribs are fractured in two or more places.
1610	Flail chest: A condition that occurs when enough ribs are broken (usually from a crush injury) to compromise the rigidity of the chest wall.On inspiration, the chest wall moves inward instead of outward, and it does the opposite on expiration.lail chest: A condition that occurs when enough ribs are broken (usually from a crush injury) to compromise the rigidity of the chest wall.
1611	The flail segment moves in the opposite direction as the rest of the chest wall: because of the ambient pressure in comparison to the pressure inside the lungs, it goes in while the rest of the chest is moving out, and vice versa.lail chest is invariably accompanied by pulmonary contusion, a bruise of the lung tissue that can interfere with blood oxygenation.
1612	Flail chest is a serious condition that can lead to long-term disability and even death. For a person to draw a breath, the muscles around the rib cage and the diaphragm have to move to expand the chest cavity.This creates a vacuum that is filled as air enters the lungs.lail chest is almost always linked to severe blunt trauma, such as a serious fall or car accident, in terms of cause. But it can develop as a result of less severe impacts.
1613	Most commonly seen in cerebellar disease, this gait is described as clumsy, staggering movements with a wide-based gait. While standing still, the patient's body may swagger back and forth and from side to side, known as titubation.
1614	Problems with any of these areas can lead to walking difficulties, falls, or injury if not addressed. Walking difficulties can be temporary or long-term, depending on the cause. Symptoms of gait and balance problems. The most common symptoms of gait and balance problems include: difficulty walking; trouble with balance; unsteadiness; People can experience: dizziness; light-headedness; vertigo; motion sickness; double vision; Other symptoms may occur depending on the underlying cause or condition. What causes gait and balance problems?
1615	There are 97 conditions associated with abnormal gait (walking), dizziness, fatigue and loss of balance. The links below will provide you with more detailed information on these medical conditions from the WebMD Symptom Checker and help provide a better understanding of causes and treatment of these related conditions.
1616	Different gait patterns are characterized by differences in limb movement patterns, overall velocity, forces, kinetic and potential energy cycles, and changes in the contact with the surface (ground, floor, etc.). Human gaits are the various ways in which a human can move, either naturally or as a result of specialized training.
1617	Gait Other Causes The various causes are multiple : Chronic diseases that may have an impact on the physical ability to move, that is to say the cardiorespiratory functions: cardiac or respiratory failure, anemia, impaired general condition.
1618	The Gait Abnormality Rating Scale (GARS) is a videotape-based analysis of 16 facets of human gait: the total score represents a rank ordering of risk for falling, based on the number of gait abnormalities recognised and the severity of the gait abnormality.
1619	Most gait problems can be helped to some extent by physical therapy, the use of appropriate assistive devices and, in some cases, medications for spasticity, fatigue, and walking speed (e.g., Ampyra). Your physical therapist may suggest exercises or gait training such as vestibular exercises — designed to induce brief periods of loss of balance.
1620	Weak Quads. •Normally, during early stance as weight is. being shifted onto the stance leg, the line of. force falls behind the knee requiring quad. contraction to prevent buckling of knee.
1621	Gait Main Causes. Different causes may be at the origin of gait in the elderly: causes motor, neurological, muscular … - The motor causes related musculoskeletal disorders: Rheumatism, especially those that develop with age, osteoarthritis of the hip (coxarthrosis) or knee (gonarthrosis) in particular.
1622	slowed or aesthetically abnormal gait may in fact provide the older adult with a safe gait pat-tern that helps maintain independence. Gait disorders tend to be multifactorial, progressive In older patients, attributing a gait disorder to a single disease is particularly difficult—and is often not advisable—because many different conditions can result in similar gait abnormal-ities.3
1623	Morrill County, NE has a population of 4,874 people with a median age of 41.3 and a median household income of $45,910. Between 2014 and 2015 the population of Morrill County, NE declined from 4,918 to 4,874, a -0.89% decrease and its median household income grew from $45,000 to $45,910, a 2.02% increase. The population of Morrill County, NE is 83% White, 14.6% Hispanic, and 0.94% Two+.
1624	Population of Morrill County Last official estimated population of Morrill County was 5,040 (year 2014) [1]. This was 0.002% of total US population and 0.3% of total Nebraska state population. Area of Morrill County is 1,429.9 mi² (=3703.3 km²), in this year population density was 3.52 p/mi².
1625	Explore a wide range of Universities and Colleges in Morrill, Nebraska. CityTownInfo.com has compiled an extensive list of Morrill, Nebraska colleges with detailed academic information for each school. Explore a wide range of Universities and Colleges in Morrill, Nebraska.
1626	Interactive and printable 69358 ZIP code maps, population demographics, Morrill NE real estate costs, rental prices, and home values. Share: Home Find ZIPs in a Radius Printable Maps Shipping Calculator ZIP Code Database
1627	Harvey bumps up gas prices in Lincoln - News Weather and Sports for Lincoln NE KLKNTV com. 1  to a burning vehicle in a field about three miles south of Morrill found a body inside once they had extinguished the flames. Sheriff's investigators say the identity of the body has not been confirmed.
1628	Downtown Morrill. Morrill is a village located in Scotts Bluff County, in the western Panhandle, in the northwestern portion of the United States state of Nebraska. Morrill is part of the Scottsbluff, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 921 at the 2010 census.
1629	Morrill County, Nebraska (NE) County population in 2016: 4,909 (all rural); it was 5,440 in 2000 County owner-occupied with a mortgage or a loan houses and condos in 2010: 738 County owner-occupied free and clear houses and condos in 2010: 747
1630	Population of Morrill, NE Last official estimated population of Morrill village (Scotts Bluff County**, Nebraska state) was 917 (year 2014) [1]. This was 0% of total US population and 0.05% of total Nebraska state population.
1631	Download Reports for Morrill County, Nebraska Click here to download a sample Census 2010/2000 Race PDF. Click here to download a sample Census 2010/2000 Latino PDF.
1632	Devine, Texas is located in Medina County. Devine is a suburban community with a population of 4,424. The median household income is $35,025. In Devine, 42% of residents are married, and families with children reside in 37% of the households.
1633	Local news for Devine, TX continually updated from thousands of sources on the web.
1634	To become a member of the Devine Chamber of Commerce, simply download a Devine Chamber of Commerce Membership Application, fill it out and bring it in. Or you can mail it to Greater Devine Chamber of Commerce, P.O. Box 443, Devine, TX. 78016.
1635	It was named for Judge Thomas Jefferson Devine of San Antonio, an eminent Texas jurist and attorney for the railroad. Devine had a population of 504 when it was incorporated in 1904.
1636	Devine-area historical tornado activity is below Texas state average. It is 32% smaller than the overall U.S. average. On 4/15/1973, a category F4 (max. wind speeds 207-260 mph) tornado 22.9 miles away from the Devine city center killed 5 people and injured 12 people.
1637	It was named for Judge Thomas Jefferson Devine of San Antonio, an eminent Texas jurist and attorney for the railroad. Devine had a population of 504 when it was incorporated in 1904. It operates under the aldermanic form of government.
1638	Latest news from Devine, TX collected exclusively by city-data.com from local newspapers, TV, and radio stations. Ancestries: German (9.8%), English (8.6%), United States (8.4%), Irish (2.7%), French (2.7%), Italian (1.6%).
1639	The median age of homes in Devine, TX is 28 years, with 63% of those homes owned, 26% rented, and 10% not occupied. In the previous year, 43 Devine properties were sold. The median sale price of a home in Devine in the previous year was $127,475.
1640	Texas: 16.5%. According to our research of Texas and other state lists there were 26 registered sex offenders living in Devine, Texas as of October 05, 2015. The ratio of number of residents in Devine to the number of sex offenders is 171 to 1.
1641	Half the population of Devine commutes 25 minutes or less to work, with 29% of residents holding white collar jobs and 71% residents holding blue collar jobs. The median age of homes in Devine, TX is 28 years, with 63% of those homes owned, 26% rented, and 10% not occupied.
1642	A physician is caring for an indigent 37-year-old male patient with no health insurance, who is admitted to the hospital with acute pancreatitis related to alcohol abuse.
1643	Prior to Maslow, researchers generally focused separately on such factors as biology, achievement, or power to explain what energizes, directs, and sustains human behavior. Maslow posited a hierarchy of human needs based on two groupings: deficiency needs and growth needs. Within the deficiency needs, each lower need must be met before moving to the next higher level.
1644	The term “Theory-Theory” derives from Adam Morton (1980), who proposed that our everyday understanding of human psychology constitutes a kind of theory by which we try to predict and explain behavior in terms of its causation by beliefs, intentions, emotions, traits of character, and so on.
1645	Behaviorism, also known as behavioral psychology, is a theory of learning based on the idea that all behaviors are acquired through conditioning. Conditioning occurs through interaction with the environment. Behaviorists believe that our responses to environmental stimuli shape our actions.
1646	Behaviorism Advocates. John B. Watson (1878-1958) and B. F. Skinner (1904-1990) are the two principal originators of behaviorist approaches to learning. Watson believed that human behavior resulted from specific stimuli that elicited certain responses.
1647	Prototype theory derives in large part from the work of Eleanor Rosch and her collaborators (Rosch, 1977; Rosch & Mervis, 1975; see Smith & Medin, 1981 for historical perspective and Hampton, 1995 for a canonical statement of the view).
1648	Fourth, Theory-Theory is often motivated by the hypothesis that certain concepts (or categories) have a kind of coherence that makes them seem especially non-arbitrary (Murphy & Medin, 1985; Medin & Wattenmaker, 1987).
1649	According to this school of thought, behavior can be studied in a systematic and observable manner regardless of internal mental states. Basically, only observable behavior should be considered—cognitions, emotions, and moods are far too subjective.
1650	One of the greatest strengths of behavioral psychology is the ability to clearly observe and measure behaviors. Weaknesses of this approach include failing to address cognitive and biological processes that influence human actions.
1651	Watson's basic premise was that conclusions about human development should be based on observation of overt behavior rather than speculation about subconscious motives or latent cognitive processes. (Shaffer, 2000). Watson's view of learning was based in part on the studies of Ivan Pavlov (1849-1936).
1652	DC Shoes was created by two main owners, Ken Block and Damon Way, older brother of professional skateboarder Danny Way. A few years later, the two hired an accountant by the name of Clayton Blehm, who had just lost his job a few months earlier and was living in his daughter's garage.
1653	Click here for our entire shipping policy and rates. Items purchsed online or by phone may be returned or exchanged by mail or at any DC Shoes/Quiksilver/Roxy retail store. For a full refund, returns must be made within 30 days with the original receipt and merchandise must be in its original condition.
1654	Click here for our entire shipping policy and rates. Returns. Items purchsed online or by phone may be returned or exchanged by mail or at any DC Shoes/Quiksilver/Roxy retail store. For a full refund, returns must be made within 30 days with the original receipt and merchandise must be in its original condition. Click here for our entire return policy.
1655	Quicksilver owns DC Shoe company. The Australian company, which is headquartered in Huntington Beach, California, bought DC Shoes from Ken Block and Damon Way, the founding partners of the company, in 2004. Way and Block began the company's operations in 1994. Continue Reading.
1656	Quiksilver, Inc. is an American retail sporting company, founded in Torquay (Australia), and based in Huntington Beach, California and one of the world's largest manufacturers of surfwear and other boardsport-related equipment.
1657	Famous rap and hip-hop groups Cypress Hill and The Beastie Boys sported their clothing. DC originally stood for Droors Clothing Footwear, but since the sale of Droors (which is now defunct), DC no longer has any ties to Droors and is simply DC Shoes.
1658	Rating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: DC Shoes is an American based footwear company in Vista, CA founded in 1993 who specialize in producing shoes for skateboarding as well as snowboarding boots and outerwear. On March 10, 2004, DC Shoes was acquired by Quiksilver.
1659	it's Rob Dyredek. If you skateboard you know wat I mean. He also has his own show called fantasy factory, its pretty awesome check it out! hes just sponsored by dc shoes actual owner is Ken Block, hes also the owner of Quicksilver. it's Rob Dyredek. If you skateboard you know wat I mean. He also has his own show called fantasy factory, its pretty awesome check it out!   hes just sponsored by dc shoes actual owner is Ken Block, hes also the owner of Quicksilver.
1660	It owned golf-equipment maker Cleveland Golf up until 31 October 2007, when it sold the company to a Japanese sporting goods company. In 2009 Moody's included Quiksilver on its Bottom Rung list of companies most likely to default on its debt. Quiksilver also owns DC Shoes, a skateboard shoe brand. Co-founder and CEO of Quiksilver Bob McKnight stepped down as CEO on 11 January 2013. McKnight then acted as Executive Chairman, until retiring in October 2014. Andy Mooney, who was formerly chairman of Disney Consumer Products, served as CEO from 2013 to 2015.
1661	The company also produces a line of apparel for young women, under the brand Roxy. The Roxy logo consists of two copies of the Quiksilver logo, one reflected, forming a heart. Quiksilver has another line of apparel for women under the brand Quiksilver Women.
1662	At the GS-9 grade, each pay step adds $1,399 to the annual salary. Pay steps are earned based on time in service and the employee’s work performance. General Schedule employees are referred to as white-collar workers under the federal classification system. There are 36 locality pay areas.
1663	The General Schedule. The General Schedule (GS) is the predominant pay scale for federal employees, especially employees in professional, technical, administrative or clerical positions. The system consists of 15 grades, from GS-1, the lowest level, to GS-15, the highest level. There are also 10 steps within each grade.
1664	Base salary ranges for each grade are provided below, but increase based on location. For instance a GS-7 position pays $36,783 in Atlanta, while the same position pays $41,367 in San Francisco because of the difference in cost of living. GS Pay Scale Overview. The nearly 30 percent of the Federal workforce not covered under the General Scale are either paid hourly (10 percent), or operate under the separate systems of the U.S. Postal Service, the Foreign Service, the Veterans Health Administration, and Senior Executives.
1665	Federal employees are compensated according to government-regulated pay scales. More than 70 percent of federal employees are paid according to the most common pay scale, the General Schedule (GS) , but there are a variety of alternative pay schedules as well.
1666	Classification and Compensation. The DC Department of Human Resources manages employee compensation programs that enable the District to attract, support, and retain a well-qualified and diverse workforce. For more information, contact the Office of Classification and Compensation at (202) 442-9648.
1667	-A +A. The DC Department of Human Resources manages employee compensation programs that enable the District to attract, support, and retain a well-qualified and diverse workforce. For more information, contact the Office of Classification and Compensation at (202) 442-9648. 1  Fiscal Year 2016 Non-Union Salary Schedules.
1668	Everything you ever wanted to know about government pay. GovCentral.com Pay Scale Center. Over 70 percent of the Federal workforce is paid according to the General Pay Scale. The scale can be difficult to understand for both new and even experienced Federal employees. This article attempts to clarify exactly how government wages are distributed to government employees.
1669	2016 WAGE & SALARY DIVISION ANNOUNCEMENT. Issuance of Appropriated and Nonappropriated Fund Federal Wage System (FWS) pay schedules effective in Fiscal Year 2016 will be delayed until determination of the Fiscal Year 2016 pay limitation. When issued, schedules will be retroactive to their normal effective date.
1670	Government Pay Schedule (GS). The General Schedule (GS) is the Federal government's main pay system and is composed of 15 grades (GS1 to GS15), or salary levels. Each grade includes ten steps through which employees advance based on satisfactory job performance and length of service. Locality pay is based on surveys done by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Locality pay is designed to make up the pay gaps between Federal and non-Federal salaries in local areas.
1671	2015 GS Pay Scale | Federal Pay Scale. All General Schedule (GS) government employees in the U.S. earn more than the base rate pay through locality adjustments. Locality pay rates for all areas are listed on this site. For those not in a specific locality area use the table titled Rest of U.S. The GS-9 step-1 pay on the Base Rate Chart is $42,39.
1672	FAQ on Federal Leave Law. What is FMLA? FMLA refers to the Family and Medical Leave Act, which is a federal law that guarantees certain employees up to 12 workweeks of unpaid leave each year with no threat of job loss. FMLA also requires that employers covered by the law maintain the health benefits for eligible workers just as if they were working. FMLA is a complicated law, but the answers to the questions below can help you understand what your rights and responsibilities are under the Family and Medical Leave Act.
1673	Intermittent leave under Non-FMLA is not permitted unless such leave has been approved as a reasonable disability related accommodation pursuant to the ADAAA. Requests for disability related accommodations should be made to the Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action, and Disability Services Department.
1674	An employee must complete an online Leave of Absence Request Form for a medical leave to his/her department management as soon as practicable. Authorization from a health care provider must be sent to Human Resources, Employee Relations and must contain the following information:
1675	An employee may request a medical leave of absence for a serious health condition which renders them unable to perform the functions of their job, an on the job injury, or an illness contracted while on the job. A serious health condition is defined as any illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition.
1676	An employee who is taking Non-FMLA Medical Leave must use all accrued time off banks prior to being placed in an unpaid leave status. Unpaid Status. Accrued time off ceases when the employee moves to an unpaid status. Accrued time off will restart upon the employee's return to paid status.
1677	B. Certifications for Non-FMLA Medical Leave. Vanderbilt University will require certification for the employee's serious health condition. Human Resources will receive all medical certifications. The employee must respond to the request for certification within 15 calendar days of the notice of eligibility.
1678	The Emory Faculty Staff Assistance Program is available: · To authorize an employee’s need for absence from work, or a medical leave of absence based on clinical review. · To facilitate communications with an employee’s department or the employee’s return to work based on medical authorization/clinical review.
1679	FMLA only applies to certain employees. First, the employee must work for a covered employer (see the question above). Second, the employee must work for the employer for a minimum of 12 months, and at least 1,250 hours during those 12 months, before taking leave under FMLA.
1680	I. Non-FMLA Medical Leave of Absence. Leave within First Year of Employment. An employee with a serious medical condition as defined under the FMLA, who is in his or her first year of employment and has completed the initial orientation period, may request a leave of absence for a self-qualifying medical event.
1681	Employee not eligible for FMLA leave still protected by non-discrimination provisions. Many employers offer leave of absence benefits to employees that supplement leaves of absence provided by the Family and Medical Leave Act. Indeed, many employers use their procedures for processing an FMLA leave request when considering and granting non-FMLA leaves. As illustrated by a recent case, this overlap may result in confusion (or claims of confusion) giving otherwise non-eligible employees rights under the FMLA.
1682	Senior Fellow in Electrical Engineering. If the rate being charged for electricity is 10 cents[3] per kilowatt hour, then running the 100-watt bulb for one hour would cost 0.10 kW·h × $0.10/kW·h = $0.01, or on … e cent.Running a typical space heater rated at 1500 watts would cost 15 cents per hour (1.5 kW × 1 h x $0.10/kW·h = $0.15).enior Fellow in Electrical Engineering. If the rate being charged for electricity is 10 cents[3] per kilowatt hour, then running the 100-watt bulb for one hour would cost 0.10 kW·h × $0.10/kW·h = $0.01, or on … e cent.
1683	A kilowatt-hour is the amount of energy equivalent to a steady power of 1 kilowatt running for 1 hour, or 3.6 megajoules. Energy cost can be illustrated in a similar example: a 100-watt (i.e. 0.1 kilowatt) light bulb turned on for 8 hours uses 800 W⋅h or 0.8 kW⋅h.If the energy cost is 25 cents per kilowatt-hour, it would cost 0.1 kW × 8 h × $0.25/kW⋅h = $0.20.Whereas individual homes only pay for the kilowatt-hours consumed, commercial buildings and institutions also pay for peak power consumption (the greatest power recorded in a fairly short time, such as 15 minutes).he kilowatt-hour (symbolized kW⋅h) is a unit of energy equivalent to one kilowatt (1 kW) of power sustained for one hour. One watt is equal to 1 J/s. One kilowatt-hour is 3.6 megajoules, which is the amount of energy converted if work is done at an average rate of one thousand watts for one hour.
1684	The unit that both gas and electricity are measured in is kilowatt hours (kWh). One kWh of gas is approximately equivalent to leaving a small gas hob burner on for an hour. One kWh of electricity is the rough equivalent of running a washing machine for an hour. Standing charge-this is a fixed amount that you are charged each day, regardless of how much gas or electricity you use. 2  Unit rate-this is the price you will pay per unit (kWh) of energy, so it can fluctuate depending on how much energy you use.
1685	Rating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: The average cost for a standard domestic user in UK is about 12.5p per KWh. If you have an economy seven account with storage heaters that heat up at low cost times of the night then you might get away with paying only 6.5p per KWh. Commercial users pay about 1 pence more per Kwh.ating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: The average cost for a standard domestic user in UK is about 12.5p per KWh. If you have an economy seven account with storage heaters that heat up at low cost times of the night then you might get away with paying only 6.5p per KWh. Commercial users pay about 1 pence more per Kwh.
1686	Best Answer: The average cost for a standard domestic user in UK is about 12.5p per KWh. If you have an economy seven account with storage heaters that heat up at low cost times of the night then you might get away with paying only 6.5p per KWh.Commercial users pay about 1 pence more per Kwh.ating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: The average cost for a standard domestic user in UK is about 12.5p per KWh. If you have an economy seven account with storage heaters that heat up at low cost times of the night then you might get away with paying only 6.5p per KWh. Commercial users pay about 1 pence more per Kwh.
1687	The energy E in kilowatt-hours (kWh) per day is equal to the power P in watts (W) times number of usage hours per day t divided by 1000 watts per kilowatt:E (kWh/day) = P (W) × t (h/day) / 1000 (W/kW).lectricity cost calculation. The electricity cost per day in dollars is equal to the energy consumption E in kWh per day times the energy cost of 1 kWh in cents/kWh divided by 100 cents per dollar:
1688	Energy consumption calculation. The energy E in kilowatt-hours (kWh) per day is equal to the power P in watts (W) times number of usage hours per day t divided by 1000 watts per kilowatt: E (kWh/day) = P (W) × t (h/day) / 1000 (W/kW).lectricity cost calculation. The electricity cost per day in dollars is equal to the energy consumption E in kWh per day times the energy cost of 1 kWh in cents/kWh divided by 100 cents per dollar:
1689	Posted on 25 November 2013 by CompareMySolar. The price of electricity in the UK in 2013 averages 17.2 pence per kWh according to updated analysis of CompareMySolar, following last years article.he following graph gives average rates for Low (2100 kWh per year), Medium (3300 kWh) and High (5100 kWh) electricity users that either pay by direct debit (cheaper) or standard credit (more expensive): This gives us the following average price per kWh per energy company 1  : British Gas: 16.6 pence per kWh.
1690	Calculations of these costs at the point of connection to a load or to the electricity grid can be made. The cost is typically given per kilowatt-hour or megawatt-hour. It includes the initial capital, discount rate, as well as the costs of continuous operation, fuel, and maintenance.This type of calculation assists policy makers, researchers and others to guide discussions and decision making.hat method arrives at external costs of electricity from lignite at 10.75 Eurocent/kWh, from hard coal 8.94 Eurocent/kWh, from natural gas 4.91 Eurocent/kWh, from photovoltaic 1.18 Eurocent/kWh, from wind 0.26 Eurocent/kWh and from hydro 0.18 Eurocent/kWh.
1691	1 Unit rate-this is the price you will pay per unit (kWh) of energy, so it can fluctuate depending on how much energy you use. Standing charge-this is a fixed amount that you are charged each day, regardless of how much gas or electricity you use. 2  Unit rate-this is the price you will pay per unit (kWh) of energy, so it can fluctuate depending on how much energy you use.
1692	Confidence votes 18.3K. The frequency and the amplitude are related in such a way that, the greater the amplitude the greater is the energy. The sound pressure amplitude tells about how loud the tone will be and the frequency (cycles per second) of the oscillation tells how high the sound of the tone will be.
1693	Difference Between Amplitude and Frequency. Amplitude and frequency are two of the basic properties of periodic motions. A proper understanding in these concepts is required in the study of motions such as simple harmonic motions and damped harmonic motions.
1694	Wavelength. 1  Frequency tells us how many waves are passing a point per second, the inverse of time. 2  Wavelength tells us the length of those waves in metres, almost like a displacement. 3  If we multiply these two together, we are really multiplying 1/s and m… which gives us m/s, the velocity of the wave!
1695	In this article, we are going to discuss what frequency and amplitude are, their definitions, the measurement and dependencies of amplitude and frequency, and finally the difference between amplitude and frequency. Frequency. Frequency is a concept discussed in periodic motions of objects.
1696	Amplitude vs Frequency . Amplitude and frequency are two of the basic properties of periodic motions. A proper understanding in these concepts is required in the study of motions such as simple harmonic motions and damped harmonic motions.
1697	What is the difference between amplitude and frequency? • Amplitude strictly depends on the total energy of the system, whereas frequency of an oscillation depends on the properties of the oscillator itself. • For a given system, the amplitude can be changed but frequency cannot.
1698	Amplitude vs Frequency. Amplitude and frequency are two of the basic properties of periodic motions. A proper understanding in these concepts is required in the study of motions such as simple harmonic motions and damped harmonic motions.
1699	Amplitude decides the intensity ie energy content of the wave and frequency is different right from amplitude. If the maximum amplitude,E, i … s known then the instantaneous amplitude, e, can be found by e=E*sin(2*pi*f*t) where f is the frequency and t is the time in seconds from the start of the sine wave.
1700	Amplitude vs Frequency Amplitude and frequency are two of the basic properties of periodic motions. A proper understanding in these concepts is required in the study of motions such as simple harmonic motions and damped harmonic motions.
1701	amplitude is the height of the wave from the middle point, it can be either from the middle to the bottom, or middle to the top of the wave. the frequency is how frequent the … crests of each wave (the amplitude) pass a given point. so how they relate is, the highest point/lowest point is the crest, and the that is the amplitude is the ends of the crests ===== (In other words, to paraphrase the above remarks, there is no relationship between the amplitude and frequency of a wave.
1702	The fundamental purpose of the board is to preside over something called the Doomsday Clock. The symbolic time piece was created in 1947 as a way to highlight the threat of global nuclear war but has since grown to involve some of the world’s greatest minds — including 15 Nobel Laureates — who meet to examine the urgent challenges facing humanity.
1703	Just what is the Doomsday Clock? 1:18 The Doomsday Clock is a theoretical indicator of how close humanity is to a doomsday event. Started in 1947, the board of scientists who decide what the clock says has included Einstein, Oppenheimer and is now chaired by theoretical physicist Lawrence Krauss.
1704	You can check it at: What is the 'Doomsday Clock'? The Islamic teachings that are found in the Holy Quran or in the words of Hadith of the Prophet Muhammad (SAWS), do address the details of The Day of Judgement.
1705	But i will give you a quotations for a better understanding. Similarly, in 1947 the experts from the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists magazine of the University of Chicago instituted the so-called “Doomsday Clock” – a symbolic reference point that has the purpose to show how close the world is to self-destruction.
1706	In 1947, at the start of the Cold War, the clock was set at 23:53, seven minutes before midnight – the symbol for global disaster. Ever since, the clock has been repeatedly readjusted by the directors of the magazine in order to correspond to reality.
1707	The Doomsday Clock: Menacing Metaphor of the Nuclear Age. Pessimism is on the rise. Mercurial politicians, rising nationalism and isolationism, international bluster, a changing climate, mass protests, and many other occurrences are contributing to a generally gloomy mood.
1708	“The purpose of the Doomsday Clock is to provide a graphical way for people to suddenly think about these existential threats,” Prof Krauss said. “People tend to avoid thinking about these existential threats and don’t talk about them.”
1709	The Doomsday Clock is a symbolic clock face, representing a countdown to possible global catastrophe (e.g. nuclear war or climate change). It has been maintained since 1947 by the members of the Science and Security Board of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists,[1] who are in turn advised by the Governing Board and the Board of Sponsors, including 18 Nobel Laureates.
1710	Originally Answered: What is the doomsday clock? Does it really matter? The members of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists created the clock as an analogy to how close the world was/is to destruction.
1711	Reflecting this, the doomsday clock was recently moved to 2 minutes 30 seconds, the closest it has been to doomsday in decades. That sounds ominous, but what is the doomsday clock? The doomsday clock was created by The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, a journal founded as a response to atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Most of the founding editors were scientists who helped to develop atomic weapons in the first place. The clock first appeared on the Bulletin’s cover in 1947, and has appeared in the table of contents
1712	Ear infections are less common in adults than in children, but they may be more serious or more difficult to treat. Ear infections are less common in adults than in children, but they may be more serious or more difficult to treat.
1713	One of the reasons children are more likely than adults to get ear infections is that their eustachian tubes are smaller and more horizontal than the tubes in most adults. If you have small eustachian tubes or you have tubes that haven’t developed more of a slope, you’re at a higher risk for developing an ear infection.
1714	What is an Ear Infection? Infection can affect the ear canal (otitis externa), the eardrum , or the middle ear (otitis media). Most ear injuries are caused by pressure changes during direct injury (such as a blow to the ear) or sport scuba diving, but, a persistently painful ear may signal an infection that requires treatment.
1715	Chronic ear infection symptoms may be less noticeable than those of acute ear infections. Children younger than 6 months who have a fever or ear infection symptoms should see a doctor. Always seek medical attention if your child has a fever higher than 102°F or severe ear pain.
1716	Ear infections are often caused by bacterial infections. But whether you get an outer or middle ear infection depends on how you become infected. Middle ear infection. A middle ear infection often originates from a cold or other respiratory problem. The infection moves to one or both ears through the eustachian tubes.
1717	Seek medical treatment as soon as possible for an examination of the ear if an ear infection is suspected. Seek medical treatment immediately if you experience a sudden loss in hearing in one or both ears (usually occurring over a period of less than 24-48 hours).
1718	Most mild ear infections clear up without intervention. Some of the following methods are effective in relieving the symptoms of a mild ear infection: applying a warm cloth to the affected ear; taking over-the-counter pain medication such as ibuprofen or acetaminophen; using over-the-counter or prescription ear drops to relieve pain
1719	Ear infections may be more common in children than in adults, but grown-ups are still susceptible to these infections. Unlike childhood ear infections, which are often minor and pass quickly, adult ear infections are frequently signs of a more serious health problem.
1720	Symptoms of ear infection include: ear pain, fullness in the ear, hearing loss, ringing in the ear, discharge from the ear, nausea, vomiting, and; vertigo. Symptoms may follow a respiratory infection such as the common cold. Discharge from the ear canal is often caused by the infection known as swimmer's ear (otitis externa). A painful ear with decreased hearing is often the result of otitis media, an middle ear infection.
1721	An ear infection occurs when a bacterial or viral infection affects the middle ear — the sections of your ear just behind the eardrum. Ear infections can be painful because of inflammation and fluid build-up in the middle ear. Ear infections can be chronic or acute. Acute ear infections are painful but short in duration. Chronic ear infections either do not clear up, or they recur many times. Chronic ear infections can cause permanent damage to the middle and inner ear.
1722	Fields of Anthropology. There are now four major fields of anthropology: biological anthropology, cultural anthropology, linguistic anthropology, and archaeology. Each focuses on a different set of research interests and generally uses different research techniques.
1723	In the first topic room, entitled Scientific Underpinnings, you will meet biological anthropologists, learn how evolution serves as a backbone of their studies, and discover how these scientists go about the business of testing a hypothesis in the first place.
1724	A PROCESS of Observation and Deduction... Observation - gatherin…. Evidence supporting and not supporting a theory. - When a hypothesis has been tested and retested over many yea…. - An intellectual framework that is the result of testing a th….
1725	Biological Anthropology. Biological (or physical) anthropologists carry out systematic studies of the non-cultural aspects of humans and near-humans. Non-cultural refers to all of those biological characteristics that are genetically inherited in contrast to learned.
1726	Biological Anthropology. The graduate program in biological anthropology at CU Boulder offers training in several areas, including primatology, human biology, and paleoanthropology. We share an interest in human ecology, the broad integrative area of anthropology that focuses on the interactions of culture, biology and the environment.
1727	Where do we come from? Where are we going? These are some of the big questions biological anthropology seeks to answer, using the principles of evolution as a backdrop for formulating and testing hypotheses about humanity's past, present, and future.
1728	-has an influence of human nature & society. -set of learned behaviour and ideas that human beings acquire as members of society. Human beings use culture to adapt to and to transform the world in which they live in. -culture makes us unique. (an e.g of this is that humans need to learn how to survive--> focus in childhood stages)
1729	Graduate Study in Anthropology. The graduate program in biological anthropology at CU Boulder offers training in several areas, including primatology, human biology, and paleoanthropology. We share an interest in human ecology, the broad integrative area of anthropology that focuses on the interactions of culture, biology and the environment.
1730	Anthropology is the study of various aspects of humans within past and present societies. Social anthropology and cultural anthropology study the norms and values of societies. Linguistic anthropology studies how language affects social life. Biological or physical anthropology studies the biological development of humans.
1731	Biological Anthropology. 1  Biological Anthropology is the study of the evolution and ecology of humans and other primates, grounded in an understanding of evolutionary history and extending to applied subjects such as conservation and human development. The UCL Biological Anthropology section is one of the largest groups of academics in Europe that focuses on these subjects.
1732	Making the world better, one answer at a time. The first President of the United States to live in the White House was John Adams, with his wife Abigail Adams. President Washington laid the cornerstone, but it wasn't finished until the final years of Adams's term. President Jefferson was the first to fully live in the building during his entire presidency.
1733	President John Adams and his wife, Abigail, moved into the White House in 1800, shortly before it was completed. Construction began in 1792.
1734	President Harry S. Truman began a renovation of the building in which everything but the outer walls were dismantled. The reconstruction was overseen by architect Lorenzo Winslow, and the Truman family moved back into the White House in 1952.
1735	There are five living former First Ladies: Rosalynn Carter, wife of Jimmy Carter; Nancy Reagan, widow of Ronald Reagan; Barbara Bush, wife of George H. W. Bush; Hillary Clinton, wife of Bill Clinton; and Laura Bush, wife of George W. Bush. The first First Lady was Martha Washington, married to George Washington.
1736	The Office of the First Lady is also in charge of all social and ceremonial events of the White House, and is a branch of the Executive Office of the President. According to the White House and the National First Ladies' Library, there have been forty-five First Ladies and forty-six First Ladyships.
1737	Following Barack Obama 's first inauguration on January 20, 2009, his wife, Michelle Obama, became the forty-sixth official First Lady, succeeding Laura Bush, wife of former President George W. Bush.
1738	One woman who was not married to a President but who is still considered an official First Lady: Harriet Lane, niece of bachelor James Buchanan. The other non-spousal relatives who served as White House hostesses are not recognized by the First Ladies' Library.
1739	The White House was under construction while President George Washington served in office, and because of this he never used it as his residence. President John Adams and his wife Abigail were the first residents when they moved in November 1800, although the White House was still undergoing some final renovations.
1740	Our first president, George Washington, selected the site for the White House in 1791. The cornerstone was laid in 1792 and a competition design submitted by Irish-born architect James Hoban was chosen. After eight years of construction, President John Adams and his wife, Abigail, moved into the unfinished house in 1800.
1741	1 At various times in history, the White House has been known as the President's Palace, the President's House, and the Executive Mansion.. 2  President Theodore Roosevelt officially gave the White House its current name in 1901. 3  Presidential Firsts while in office...
1742	Population of female led and female partner homes: 0; Population of female led and male partner homes: 0; No unmarried partner of home lead present: 1,511; In family homes: 1,510; Population of husband-wife family homes: 1,140; Population of male lead with no wife present, family homes: 57; Population of female lead with no husband present, family homes: 313
1743	The ratio of number of residents in Muleshoe to the number of sex offenders is 321 to 1. Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units with mortgages in 2015: $842 (1.3%) Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units with no mortgage in 2015: $1,560 (2.9%)
1744	The population in 1988 was 5,048. The Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge, located twenty miles to the south, was founded in 1935 and is the oldest such refuge in the state. Muleshoe had a population of 4,571 in 1990.
1745	Muleshoe, TX Stats and Demographics for the 79347 ZIP Code. ZIP code 79347 is located in northwest Texas and covers an extremely large land area compared to other ZIP codes in the United States. It also has a slightly less than average population density. The people living in ZIP code 79347 are primarily white.
1746	Muleshoe, Texas Population: Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts Compare population statistics about Muleshoe, TX by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc. CensusViewer delivers detailed demographics and population statistics from the 2010 Census, 2000 Census, American Community Survey (ACS), registered voter files, commercial data sources and more.
1747	In civilian labor force, total, percent of population age 16 years+, 2012-2016: 59.3%: In civilian labor force, female, percent of population age 16 years+, 2012-2016: 51.5%: Total accommodation and food services sales, 2012 ($1,000) 7,883: Total health care and social assistance receipts/revenue, 2012 ($1,000) 16,883
1748	Muleshoe city, Texas. QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
1749	According to our research of Texas and other state lists there were 16 registered sex offenders living in 79347 zip code as of September 02, 2017. The ratio of number of residents in zip code 79347 to the number of sex offenders is 481 to 1. The number of registered sex offenders compared to the number of residents in this zip code is near the state average.
1750	Muleshoe Municipal Airport ; Links; Pay Utility Bill or Traffic Fine Online; Welcome to Muleshoe; Where to Stay & Eat; Wildlife Refuge; Local Texas Video - Local Texas Foundation; 2016 Annual Drinking Water Quality Report
1751	Muleshoe, Texas 2017 Population Estimate – 5,419 The Texas Water Development Board projects the Muleshoe 2015 population as 5,185 people and the 2020 population as 5,769. If we assume that the population changes linearly between 2015 and 2020, then the Muleshoe 2017 population would be 5,419. Note: this value is a projection, not a count. The 2010 Decennial Census provides the most recent count of the Muleshoe population as 5,158 people. And the US Census Bureau’s 2016 Population Estimates Program provides a population estimate for Muleshoe as 5,158 people.
1752	The skin is often known as the largest organ of the human body. This applies to exterior surface, as it covers the body, appearing to have the largest surface area of all the organs. Moreover, it applies to weight, as it weighs more than any single internal organ, accounting for about 15 percent of body weight.
1753	Answer: Liver. The human liver is a critical organ that plays a major role in the regulation of glycogen storage, decomposition of red blood cells, hormone production, detoxification, and aiding digestion, among other things.
1754	The largest organ of the body is liver . there is a major misconception that largest organ is skin or liver is largest organ inside body.
1755	Skin is the human body's largest organ. A surgeon prepares to transplant skin at a burn victim care center. Skin grafts and transplants help reduce infection and fluid loss (which burn patients with extensive skin loss are especially susceptible to), but transplants carry several risks, including bleeding, infection, and rejection of the graft.
1756	, Human Body: A Mind Boggling machine. The longest bone in the human body is the femur. The largest artery is the aorta and the largest vein is the inferiorvena cava. The largest internal organ is the liver. It is also the heaviest organ, with an average of 1.6 kilograms (3.5 pounds). The largest organ is definitely the skin.
1757	Don't worry, it should be. Your epidermis is the top part of your skin, and your skin is your body's largest and fastest-growing organ. Skin is your body's coat. It protects you. It helps you stay warm when it's cold, and cool when it's hot. Your skin keeps all your insides in, from your heart and lungs to your blood and muscles.
1758	As such, it’s no surprise that the liver, a veritable power house of metabolic processes and critical to our survival, is the largest internal organ by both weight and volume–the average adult liver is around 1.44–1.66 kilograms (3.2–3.7 pounds) in weight and approximately 885-1,220 milliliters in volume.
1759	Body organs aren't all internal like the brain or the heart. There's one we wear on the outside. Skin is our largest organ—adults carry some 8 pounds (3.6 kilograms) and 22 square feet (2 square meters) of it. This fleshy covering does a lot more than make us look presentable.
1760	The skin is the largest organ of the human body and of all mammals. In the average adult it weighs around six pounds, which is nearly twice the weight of the human brain or li…ver. Internally, the largest organ is the liver which weighs around 1.6 pounds. A curmudgeon with years of practice.
1761	The largest internal organ is the liver. It is also the heaviest organ, with an average of 1.6 kilograms (3.5 pounds). The largest external organ, which is also the largest organ in general, is the skin. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Largest_body_part.
1762	By simply attaching a valved holding chamber or spacer to your metered-dose inhaler, you can: 1  Help the medicine move past your mouth and throat and get deep into your lungs where it gets to work. 2  Avoid problems with spraying and breathing at the same time. 3  Avoid breathing the medicine in too fast.
1763	MicroSpacer® is an aerosol spacer device for use with metered dose inhalers (MDI). Using an MDI without a spacer often results in aerosol medication ending up in the mouth, throat, trachea, and even the stomach. In contrast, MicroSpacer very effectively delivers aerosol medication from your MDI directly to the lungs, where it is needed most.
1764	There are several types of spacers and valved holding chambers to choose from. 1  Together, you and your healthcare provider can decide if a spacer or valved holding chamber is right for you and which type will best meet your needs. Here are a few questions to ask your healthcare providers:
1765	General: 1  MicroSpacer® is very easy to use. 2  Cleaning. 3  Wash MicroSpacer daily (or at least weekly) by running it under warm tap water, followed by drying with a soft, lint-free cloth or leaving to dry overnight. 4  Replacement. 5  Multiple MicroSpacers.
1766	MicroSpacer for Metered Dose Inhalers. The MicroSpacer® fits most Metered Dose Inhalers (MDI). Easily drops into bag, pocket or purse, and costs much less than similar devices. Small, convenient to carry, MicroSpacer® is dishwasher safe, latex free and provides anti-static delivery of your medication. MicroSpacer for Metered Dose Inhalers is the spacer device only and the Metered Dose Inhalers are not included.
1767	Features: 1  Optimizes MDI medication benefits by delivering more medication to the lungs. 2  Offers great portability for people on the go. 3  Clinically proven to be as effective as larger spacers, but at much less cost. 4  Compatible with most MDI products. 5  Attaches to MDI in seconds, and easily detaches for cleaning.
1768	Valved holding chambers and spacers are very similar devices; both are plastic tubes that attach to your metered-dose inhaler and are recommended for adults and children. A spacer is a device that is placed on the mouthpiece of your quick relief inhaler. When used, a spacer creates space between your mouth and the medicine. This space helps the medicine break into smaller droplets. The smaller droplets can move easier and deeper into your lungs when you breathe in your medicine.
1769	This asthma inhaler spacer easily drops into a bag, pocket or purse, and costs much less than similar devices. Small, convenient to carry, MicroSpacer® is dishwasher safe, latex free and provides anti-static delivery of your medication. MicroSpacer for Metered Dose Inhalers is the spacer device only and the Metered Dose Inhalers are not included.
1770	MicroSpacer is FDA 510K approved as substantially equivalent to other spacer devices, and is the smallest aerosol asthma inhaler spacer on the market. Replace every 4-6 months. Box contains one (1) MicroSpacer® device and full instructions.
1771	Optimize inhaler benefits with the MicroSpacer for Metered Dose Inhalers. This asthma inhaler spacer is a portable, cost-effective way to take your medication.
1772	Next (Stage III), the peptidoglycan in the septum is degraded and the forespore is engulfed by the mother cell, forming a cell within a cell. The activities of the mother cell and forespore lead to the synthesis of the endospore-specific compounds, formation of the cortex and deposition of the coat (Stages IV+V).
1773	In addition, spores that form at higher temperatures will naturally have lower core water content, and thus, have greater wet heat resistance [11] . Dry heat causes significant DNA damage in a vegetative cell [11] . As a result, SASPs play a major role in the dry heat resistance of spores.
1774	The center of the endospore, the core, exists in a very dehydrated state and houses the cell's DNA, ribosomes and large amounts of dipicolinic acid. This endospore-specific chemical can comprise up to 10% of the spore's dry weight and appears to play a role in maintaining spore dormancy.
1775	Heat Resistance. Wet heat resistance is a notable characteristic of spores when suspended in an aqueous medium. Generally, wet heat resistance allows spores to be resistant to temperatures 40 degrees celsius higher than their respective vegetative form [11] . The major determinant of wet heat resistance is the core water content [10] .
1776	When favored nutrients are exhausted, some bacteria may become motile to seek out nutrients, or they may produce enzymes to exploit alternative resources. One example of an extreme survival strategy employed by certain low G+C Gram-positive bacteria is the formation of endospores.
1777	The resilience of an endospore can be explained in part by its unique cellular structure. The outer proteinaceous coat surrounding the spore provides much of the chemical and enzymatic resistance. Beneath the coat resides a very thick layer of specialized peptidoglycan called the cortex.
1778	Endospores are dormant, non-reproductive and enzymatically inert forms of bacterial vegetative cells [1] . Endospore-producing bacteria are more conventionally termed “sporulating bacteria”. Sporulating bacteria are derived from the [1] Firmicute phylum and mainly consist of [2] Gram positive bacteria [7] .
1779	Endospores and Epulopiscium: Some Epulopiscium-like surgeonfish symbionts form mature endospores at night. These spores possess all of the characteristic protective layers seen in B. subtilis endospores and also contain large amounts of dipicolinic acid.
1780	1. The endospore is released from the cell and can remain dormant for thousands of years. 2.Germination (The process where the endospores returns to its vegetative state) is triggered by physical or chemical damage to the endospore's coat. 3. The endospore's enzymes break down the extra layers.
1781	The endospore consists of the bacterium's DNA, ribosomes and large amounts of dipicolinic acid. Dipicolinic acid is a spore-specific chemical that appears to help in the ability for endospores to maintain dormancy. This chemical comprises up to 10% of the spore's dry weight.
1782	A lot of these responsibilities will depend on the terms of your consulting contract. For example, some companies may expect a consulting firm to monitor and maintain any security plan that is implemented. In a large organization, you will typically collaborate with IT Project Managers and/or a Security Manager.
1783	So You Want to Be a Security Expert. I regularly receive e-mail from people who want advice on how to learn more about computer security, either as a course of study in college or as an IT person considering it as a career choice. First, know that there are many subspecialties in computer security. You can be an expert in keeping systems from being hacked, or in creating unhackable software. You can be an expert in finding security problems in software, or in networks. You can be an expert in viruses, or policies, or cryptography.
1784	It is the responsibility of the security consultant to provide security to individuals, business enterprises, commercial establishments, factories, retail outlets and many more business types.
1785	1 Enroll yourself in a training program that offers certification as a Security Consultant. 2  A relevant degree can also be obtained, but is not necessary. 3  Graduates in electrical and electronics subjects could obtain special certifications to become a security consultant.
1786	To succeed as a security consultant, you will require a professional certificate backed by a few years of meaningful experience as a full-time security head for a reputed company. It may also be useful for you to possess a university degree. Here is a step by step procedure to become a security consultant. Step1: Obtain a Degree. The first step for you is to obtain a bachelor's degree in any stream of study from a recognized university.
1787	Degree Requirements. All Security Consultants must understand IT security from the ground-up. That means organizations and consulting firms will require – at minimum – a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Cyber Security or a related field (e.g. Engineering).
1788	To become a Security Consultant, you should consider gaining your work experience in intermediate-level security jobs such as: 1  Security Administrator. 2  Security Specialist. 3  Security Analyst. 4  Security Engineer. 5  Security Auditor.
1789	1 Do. 2  Computer security is fundamentally a practitioner's art, and that requires practice. 3  This means using what you've learned to configure security systems, design new security systems, and -- yes -- break existing security systems.
1790	One can be a security consultant in a number of ways. Some firms insist on having a license, while for others, it's not mandatory as long as one possesses required qualifications. If one aspires to become a security consultant, then the following guidelines would come in handy: 1  A bachelor's degree in any subject. 2  Enroll yourself in a training program that offers certification as a Security Consultant. 3  A relevant degree can also be obtained, but is not necessary.
1791	A security consultant performs assessments on infrastructures like residential homes, companies, institutions, places of public importance like airports, railway stations and stadiums and suggests optimum security measures to be adopted.
1792	MQ-1 Predator and MQ-9 Reaper drone pilots will be eligible for retention bonuses worth up to $135,000 beginning in fiscal 2016 under a new policy announced by the Air Force.
1793	According to Al Palmer, director of the center for Unmanned Aircraft Systems at the University of North Dakota, drone pilots are paid about $50 an hour, CNN reported.
1794	Pilots who accept the bonus will no longer be eligible for the expanded monthly flight pay James approved in January, Karns said. That change increased the maximum amount 18X drone pilots can get from $650 per month to $1,500, if they keep flying unmanned aircraft beyond their six-year commitments. But pilots getting the bonus will still get the standard $650 monthly flight pay. The extra monthly flight pay adds up to $10,200 per year, meaning that by accepting the new $15,000 annual bonus, these pilots would get an extra $4,800 per year. The bonuses are similar to, but different from the up to $225,000 Aviator Retention Pay bonus that this year became available to some 11U RPA pilots.
1795	Operating a high-tech aircraft by remote control looking for bad guys would seem like a dream job with thousands of hopeful drone pilots lining up too quickly fill any shortage. Working as a drone pilot is no picnic, however.
1796	According to a 2013 report from the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, as many as 100,000 new jobs will be created in the first 10 years after the use of drones becomes legal in US airspace.
1797	'$100,000 a year': Headhunt for drone pilots in USA. Get short URL. Drone pilots and engineers are certainly careers with a future in the US. Although commercial drones aren’t legal yet, reports reveal that companies are already willing to pay unbelievably high salaries, in the expectation of rules softening. Tags SciTech, Information Technology, USA, Drones.
1798	The Air Force recently increased monthly bonuses for drone pilots from $650 to $1,500 if they keep flying unmanned aircraft beyond a six-year commitment. But a Government Accountability Office report in May found few pilots eligible for the extra bonuses.
1799	'Every single day this base is at war. These kids are not playing video games out of their mothers' basements'. The pilots sit in dimly lit, air-conditioned trailers, each staring at glowing video and data screens and toggling a joystick that controls an armed drone flying somewhere in the world.
1800	Some 1,066 pilots fly drones from Creech and other bases, fewer than the 1,281 that the Air Force says it needs to fulfill a Pentagon mandate of 65 daily missions, called combat air patrols. A patrol has one to four aircraft.
1801	As a result, pilots here work up to 12 hours a day. Some are clocking 1,100 flight hours a year, four times the number flown by traditional pilots, according to Pentagon data. “It does get eye-glazing, there's no ifs, ands or buts about it,” said a drone pilot who was not authorized to speak on the record.
1802	Shrewsbury's St Chad's Church-a building born out of a misunderstanding. The churchwardens of St Chad’s in Shrewsbury really should have listened to Thomas Telford. He told them their building was a death trap, but they wouldn’t listen. Shrewsbury's St Chad's Church-a building born out of a misunderstanding. Tweet. Disregarding the young engineer’s warning, they hired a local stonemason to patch up the cracks.
1803	Ziva Jade Brown, born to Hermon residents Tina Chen and Matthew Brown, was the first 2015 New Year’s Day baby for Eastern Maine in Bangor. She arrived at 2:47 a.m. and weighed 7 pounds, 9 ounces and was 20.5 inches long. Anna and Arron Larrabee of Blue Hill had the first baby born at Maine Coast Memorial Hospital in Ellsworth for 2015. Their son, Graham,was born at 10:43 a.m. weighing 8 pounds, 10.9 ounces, and he was 21 inches long.
1804	Gemma Galgani was born on March 12, 1878, in a small Italian town near Lucca. At a very young age, Gemma developed a love for prayer. She made her First Communion on June 17, 1887. As a pupil at the school run by the Sisters of St. Zita, Gemma was loved by her teachers ...
1805	And as the stonemason turned up to the sexton’s house to pick up the key, early on a summer’s morning, the clock struck four. The vibrations were too much for the tottering structure, and the church collapsed, leaving behind just a heap of rubble. The stonemason was glad he had not turned up a few minutes earlier. St Chad's Church. But while the events of 1788 reduced the impressive ancient church to a mangled wreck, it did pave the way for the distinctive circular building which is at the heart of the town today.
1806	St. Teresa of Avila. Teresa of vila was born Teresa Ali Fatim Corella Sanchez de Capeda y Ahumada in vila, Spain. Less than twenty years before Teresa was born in 1515, Columbus opened up the Western Hemisphere to ...
1807	Wil Vander Lugt, the son of Amanda Adcock and Chad Vander Lugt, was the state's first baby born in 2015. He arrived at 12:48 a.m. at MaineGeneral in Waterville.
1808	Confidence votes 46.8K. I was born a Catholic and have never wavered in my faith in over 70 years. I had 12 years of Catholic education in my youth-both primary and secondary schools.
1809	St. Anne. The name Anne derives from the Hebrew, Hannah, meaning ‘Grace’. Saint Anne was born in Bethlehem and became the wife of Saint Joachim from Nazareth, in Galilee. Joachim was a shepherd, given the responsibility of supplying sheep for the temple’s sacrifices in Jerusalem. They were both of the royal House of David, and their lives were wholly occupied in prayer and good works.
1810	In 550 AD, a church was built in honour of Saint Anne in Jerusalem, near where she lived with Joachim and Mary. Here is the present day church and ruins in Jerusalem. Her feast day is July 26th.
1811	Michael was born on April 15, 1797, the eldest son of Arnold and Gratianne Garicoits. They were poor and Michael was hired out as a shepherd boy to a farmer. His desire to become a priest always met with No, we are too poor by his parents, but his grandmother talked the matter over with the parish priest.
1812	The ascending aorta when shows a diameter from 3.9 to 4.4 cm we consider as mild ectasia, 4.5 to 4.9 cm moderate ectasia, and when it presents a diameter larger than 4.9 cm we consider aneurysm of the aorta.”. slide 4 of 8.
1813	I was first told that my aorta is slightly dilated at 4.0 cm. There is some variation in the way the term aneurysm is used. For the thoracic aorta, most agree that at a diameter of 4.0 cm it has reached a size that is considered an aneurysm. The word dilated refers to the enlargement of the aorta.
1814	I have an ascending aortic aneurysm. Aneurysmal aortic tissue is thin, weak and fragile. Beta blockers and blood pressure medications are important in reducing the pressure on the fragile aortic tissue and lowering the risk of aneurysm rupture or dissection.
1815	The aorta is the main blood vessel that carries blood to the rest of the body. In patients with Marfan Syndrome, the walls of the aorta are weaker than normal. This can cause the aorta to enlarge and stretch. An abnormal bulge in the wall of the aorta (an aneurysm) may develop. The inner and outer layers of the aortic wall can also separate (a dissection).
1816	An aneurysm results from weakness in the tissue of the aortic wall. There is no way to restore or strengthen this weakened tissue. The purpose of the blood pressure medication is to slow or prevent further enlargement of the aneurysm and protect against dissection or rupture of the aortic wall.
1817	Though the term ‘mild’ may indicate a lack in the seriousness of the condition, aortic aneurysms are serious. They can rupture and the risk of that happening increases as the size of the aneurysm grows. A rupture is serious because it can cause internal bleeding that is life-threatening.
1818	My aneurysm was found first on an echocardiogram, and then a CT Scan was done. These tests are generally used to evaluate the heart and the aorta. The echocardiogram is used to evaluate the heart valves and the thickness of the heart wall.
1819	Mild aortic ectasia is defined as an enlargement of the aorta that is mild in degree. This condition is associated with aortic aneurysm. This is because, generally, if the aneurysm diameter is greater than 1.5 times a normal aorta’s size, it is known as an aneurysm. slide 2 of 8.
1820	Another reason symptoms might appear is if the aneurysm causes dissection, meaning a tearing in the artery wall. In this case, the patient may experience stroke, abdominal pain, extremities that feel cold or numb and a severe tearing pain in the regions of the back or chest. slide 6 of 8.
1821	Mild aortic enlargement may not cause any noticeable symptoms at first. An enlarged aorta, however, may allow blood to leak back into the heart, due to aortic valve insufficiency. This can cause shortness of breath and a pounding heartbeat. More severe aortic enlargement can further weaken the aortic wall, causing the aneurysm to enlarge or dissect.
1822	1 Non-Texas residents can apply for services with the Child Support Division of the Office of the Attorney General of Texas, provided there is a Texas child support order or one of the parties or child(ren) resides in Texas.eginning September 1, 2011, custodial parents will pay a $3 monthly fee in cases that receive registry-only payment processing and record-keeping services through the State Disbursement Unit (SDU) for each month in which a child support payment of more than $3 is received.
1823	Confidence votes 305. No. If you are under 18 and not graduated from high school, you should live with either of your parents. If you attempt to file child support for yourself, the court can make you live with the parent that you request child support from, if you are not already living with your custodial parent.n most states, the parent has until the child reaches the age of majority to file, but the child can file for one more years after. In a few states, the limit is 23 years of … age. Some states do not allow for retroactive orders, while a few allows 18 years retroactive.
1824	Share this conversation. Expert: Dave Kennett replied 6 years ago. Dear suk rider-You cannot simply put yourself on child support. Assuming you are a residential parent of a child and have legal custody then you would have to make a motion to the court for a determination of child support from the other parent.f you are asking how to start paying support then you can file a motion with the court to determine custody, support and any other issue involving the child. I really cannot comment further on this limited fact situation. David Kennett-JD-Attorney at Law.
1825	No. If you are under 18 and not graduated from high school, you should live with either of your parents. If you attempt to file child support for yourself, the court can make … you live with the parent that you request child support from, if you are not already living with your custodial parent.1 person found this useful.o. If you are under 18 and not graduated from high school, you should live with either of your parents. If you attempt to file child support for yourself, the court can make … you live with the parent that you request child support from, if you are not already living with your custodial parent.
1826	In the state of Texas, child support and visitation are two different animals. You need to petition the court for visitation. Once it's set, she will be required by law to follow the order. You can also contact the Office of the Attorney General for the state of Texas regarding support, if you wish.ust so you know, even if you're not paying child support you have a right to see your daughter. If your ex doesn't request child support, that is her business -- she is legally not allowed to prevent you from seeing your child.
1827	My child lives with her mother in Kansas. I am trying to put myself on court ordered child support because it cannot be put in my divorce decree from the state of TX.I need guidance in this matter. am trying to put myself on court ordered child support because it cannot be put in my divorce decree from the state of TX. I need guidance in this matter.
1828	Introduction. The Child Support Division of the Office of the Attorney General helps get child support and medical support for dependent children. You may want this assistance for one of the following reasons: 1  You don't have a court order to establish child support payments, and you want one.eginning September 1, 2011, custodial parents will pay a $3 monthly fee in cases that receive registry-only payment processing and record-keeping services through the State Disbursement Unit (SDU) for each month in which a child support payment of more than $3 is received.
1829	1 You don't have a court order to establish child support payments, and you want one. 2  You have a registry-only (RO) case with the Attorney General, but you want other services, such as enforcement or modification, that would change your case into a full-service (FS) case.eginning September 1, 2011, custodial parents will pay a $3 monthly fee in cases that receive registry-only payment processing and record-keeping services through the State Disbursement Unit (SDU) for each month in which a child support payment of more than $3 is received.
1830	Just so you know, even if you're not paying child support you have a right to see your daughter. If your ex doesn't request child support, that is her business -- she is legally not allowed to prevent you from seeing your child.You *can* go to the court and request to start paying child support on your own if you want.Or, here is another option.ust so you know, even if you're not paying child support you have a right to see your daughter. If your ex doesn't request child support, that is her business -- she is legally not allowed to prevent you from seeing your child.
1831	This is an easy way for the non-custodial parent to make child support payments. It also provides the non-custodial parent with a record of payments made. If support payments are not deducted from the non-custodial parent's paycheck, they should be paid as directed in the court order.It is very important to keep records of the payments that are made. The Fatherhood Program can help non-custodial parents who have a case with DCSS and are unable to pay child support.f support payments are not deducted from the non-custodial parent's paycheck, they should be paid as directed in the court order. It is very important to keep records of the payments that are made. The Fatherhood Program can help non-custodial parents who have a case with DCSS and are unable to pay child support.
1832	An electromagnetic field (also EMF or EM field) is a physical field produced by electrically charged objects. It affects the behavior of charged objects in the vicinity of the field. The electromagnetic field extends indefinitely throughout space and describes the electromagnetic interaction.
1833	Exposure to the very high intensity electromagnetic fields found in the immediate vicinity of certain sources such as radar installations and TV or radio transmitters can produce electrical shock or a variety of heating effects, which may range from a sensation of warmth to burns and eventual cataract formation.
1834	Magnetic fields. 1  Electric fields arise from voltage. 2  Their strength is measured in Volts per metre (V/m) 3  An electric field can be present even when a device is switched off.  Field strength decreases with distance from the 1  source. Most building materials shield electric fields to some extent.  Magnetic fields arise from current flows.
1835	Radiofrequency (RF) and microwave (MW) radiation are electromagnetic radiation in the frequency ranges 3 kilohertz (kHz) - 300 Megahertz (MHz), and 300 MHz - 300 gigahertz (GHz), respectively. RF and MW radiation are non-ionizing in that there is insufficient energy to ionize atoms.
1836	Electromagnetic fields at low frequencies. Electric fields exist whenever a positive or negative electrical charge is present. They exert forces on other charges within the field. The strength of the electric field is measured in volts per metre (V/m).
1837	Radiation Safety Index > Magnetic Fields & Radio Frequency. Electrical devices and systems produce two different fields: an electric field like the one produced on the surface of a wool sweater on a dry winter day, and a magnetic field like the fields produced by a compass needle, a small magnet or the earth itself.
1838	Magnetic fields arise from the motion of electric charges. The strength of the magnetic field is measured in amperes per meter (A/m); more commonly in electromagnetic field research, scientists specify a related quantity, the flux density (in microtesla, µT) instead.
1839	Difference Between Electromagnetic Waves and Radio Waves. Electromagnetic waves are a type of wave that is present in nature. The applications of electromagnetic waves are endless. The theory of electromagnetism is a vast field in classical mechanics and in modern physics, as well.
1840	All electromagnetic waves have the same velocity in vacuum. The frequency of the electromagnetic wave decided the energy stored in it. Later it was shown using quantum mechanics that these waves are, in fact, packets of waves. The energy of this packet depends on the frequency of the wave. This opened the field of wave – particle duality of matter.
1841	From a classical perspective in the history of electromagnetism, the electromagnetic field can be regarded as a smooth, continuous field, propagated in a wavelike manner; whereas from the perspective of quantum field theory, the field is seen as quantized, being composed of individual particles.
1842	Electricity gives a wide variety of well-known effects, such as lightning, static electricity, electromagnetic induction and electric current. In addition, electricity permits the creation and reception of electromagnetic radiation such as radio waves.enjamin Franklin conducted extensive research on electricity in the 18th century, as documented by Joseph Priestley (1767) History and Present Status of Electricity, with whom Franklin carried on extended correspondence.
1843	An electric light is a device that produces visible light by the flow of electric current.It is the most common form of artificial lighting and is essential to modern society, providing interior lighting for buildings and exterior light for evening and nighttime activities.efore electric lighting became common in the early 20th century, people used candles, gas lights, oil lamps, and fires. Most electric lighting is powered by centrally generated electric power, but lighting may also be powered by mobile or standby electric generators or battery systems.
1844	Report Abuse. There's no right answer. Electricity has become steadily more available to more people in the world over the last 100 years. There's no one time when it went from generally unavailable to generally available.oes anybody know when electricity became available as a general household power source-as in changed from gas lamps, candles etc. Update: I do not mean when it was invented, I mean when it was available for any household (maybe in a city) to have access to it.
1845	It was in the late 1870s when America's greatest inventor -- Thomas Alva Edison -- developed and built the first electricity generating plant in New York City. Electric lighting came to Chicago in 1880, when the Palmer House Hotel installed electric lights in time for that year's Republican National Convention.Later that year in Philadelphia the first electric lights were strung along a ten-block stretch of Chestnut Street.lectric lighting came to Chicago in 1880, when the Palmer House Hotel installed electric lights in time for that year's Republican National Convention. Later that year in Philadelphia the first electric lights were strung along a ten-block stretch of Chestnut Street.
1846	The inductor is a conductor, usually a coil of wire, that stores energy in a magnetic field in response to the current through it. When the current changes, the magnetic field does too, inducing a voltage between the ends of the conductor.The induced voltage is proportional to the time rate of change of the current.enjamin Franklin conducted extensive research on electricity in the 18th century, as documented by Joseph Priestley (1767) History and Present Status of Electricity, with whom Franklin carried on extended correspondence.
1847	One of the major purposes of the CEB was to promote the use of electricity by industry. By 1936, about 80% of the available supply was used in this sector, although many industrial companies continued to rely on their own oil or gas engines to generate electricity for lighting.Domestic use was originally very limited but gradually expanded from use only by the wealthy.y 1936, about 80% of the available supply was used in this sector, although many industrial companies continued to rely on their own oil or gas engines to generate electricity for lighting. Domestic use was originally very limited but gradually expanded from use only by the wealthy.
1848	In 1831 electricity became viable for use in technology when Michael Faraday created the electric dynamo (a crude power generator), which solved the problem of generating electric current in an ongoing and practical way.talian physicist Alessandro Volta discovered that particular chemical reactions could produce electricity, and in 1800 he constructed the voltaic pile (an early electric battery) that produced a steady electric current, and so he was the first person to create a steady flow of electrical charge.
1849	Italian physicist Alessandro Volta discovered that particular chemical reactions could produce electricity, and in 1800 he constructed the voltaic pile (an early electric battery) that produced a steady electric current, and so he was the first person to create a steady flow of electrical charge.talian physicist Alessandro Volta discovered that particular chemical reactions could produce electricity, and in 1800 he constructed the voltaic pile (an early electric battery) that produced a steady electric current, and so he was the first person to create a steady flow of electrical charge.
1850	1 Information About the Dangers of Electrical Shock An electric shock can occur when a human or animal comes in contact with any type of electrical current that is strong enough to cause a flow through the muscles or nerves. Information About the Dangers of Electrical Shock An electric shock can occur when a human or animal comes in contact with any type of electrical current that is strong enough to cause a flow through the muscles or nerves.
1851	By 1900, it was clear that electric lighting was as good as gas lighting, and likely to overtake it in popularity. The demand for lighting was, of course, largely at night. Power suppliers found that if they were to meet peak night demand, they needed demand during the day as well, otherwise they over-produced.y 1936, about 80% of the available supply was used in this sector, although many industrial companies continued to rely on their own oil or gas engines to generate electricity for lighting. Domestic use was originally very limited but gradually expanded from use only by the wealthy.
1852	Confidence votes 2. Robins don't eat seeds, they eat worms. They also eat mealworms, pill bugs, crickets, spiders and other small insects, and small chopped up fruit like strawberries, blueberries, and grapes. they also like grated cheese. 2 people found this useful.
1853	Robins like cheese and Blackbirds eat dog food: What you should REALLY be feeding birds. Tearing up crispy slices of toast and stale old crusts, spreading them out on the garden bird table then watching from the kitchen window as, one by one, a small feathery flock swoops in to peck and gulp, has always seemed a thrifty and altruistic pleasure.
1854	A Robin's Favorite Winter Foods. In winter robins concentrate on berry bushes, trees and vines, like the bittersweet vine above. (On warm days, though, you might spot a robin running on lawns, searching for worms!) Winter robins eat berries, other fruits, and seeds they find on shrubs, trees, and vines. If robins happen to overwinter near you, you can offer them frozen or fresh fruit.
1855	What kind of seeds does a robin eat? Robins don't eat seeds, they eat worms. They also eat mealworms, pill bugs, crickets, spiders and other small insects, and small chopped up fruit like strawberries, blueberrie…s, and grapes. they also like grated cheese. 2 people found this useful.
1856	A robin's diet consists primarily of insects, worms, berries and fruit. The birds seek out lawns and gardens following periods of rain and at the sight of freshly cut grass, when it is easier to seek out prey. Continue Reading.
1857	Most seeds will do like sunflower seeds meal seed milits but they much perfer bugs and worm but they do love bird feeder and if you are going to feed them then do it in the winter when its harder for robins and other bird to find food and there are so beutaful to look at good luck.
1858	A robin's diet consists primarily of insects, worms, berries and fruit. The birds seek out lawns and gardens following periods of rain and at the sight of freshly cut grass, when it is easier to seek out prey. Keep Learning.
1859	What food you put out will also make a difference to the type of birds you attract. If you'd like to see the sleek inky plumage and hear the melodic song of the blackbird in your garden, it will help to put out some apple. Starlings and great tits, on the other hand, will flap hungrily to a stash of peanuts.
1860	Robin parents are constantly looking for food to feed their babies. During the daylight hours, a mother will bring food back to the nest for her babies approximately every 20 minutes. As the babies grow, they leave the nest and spend their time on the ground.
1861	Quick Answer. Mother robins feed their babies a diet consisting of worms, insects and fruit. Baby robins that are featherless have to eat every 15 to 20 minutes.
1862	In 1855, parts of Nash, Edgecombe, Johnston, and Wayne Counties were combined to form Wilson County, North Carolina. Geography. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 543 square miles (1,410 km 2), of which 540 square miles (1,400 km 2) is land and 2.4 square miles (6.2 km 2) (0.4%) is covered by water.
1863	Population by County in the United States There are 3,143 counties in the United States. This section compares Nash County to the 50 most populous counties in the United States. The least populous of the compared counties has a population of 929,214.
1864	QuickFacts selected: Nash County, North Carolina; UNITED STATES QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
1865	CSV Files for: 1  Census 2010 Race for Nash County, North Carolina. 2  Census 2010 Latino for Nash County, North Carolina. 3  Census 2000 Race for Nash County, North Carolina. 4  Census 2000 Latino for Nash County, North Carolina. 5  North Carolina Voters for Nash County, North Carolina.
1866	Population in families living in Nash County ; Total Population: 77,553; Population Under 18 years: 22,587; Population 18 years and over: 54,966
1867	County Profile Nash County (NC) January 2018 Demographics Population & Growth Population % Annual Growth 2015 Est Population 94,722 ( 0.5%) 2010 Census Total Population 95,840 0.1% July 2015 Certified Population Estimate (NC only) 94,370 Urban/Rural Representation Urban/Rural Percent 2010 Census Total Population: Urban 50,256 52.4% 2010 Census Total Population: Rural 45,584 47.6% Estimated Population by Age % Pop by Age 2015 Est Median Age 41
1868	Census Online: North Carolina Census and Genealogical CD's; Please Email Questions and Comments to
1869	Adjacent counties. 1  Franklin County - west. 2  Johnston County - southwest. 3  Wake County - southwest. 4  Wilson County - south. 5  Edgecombe County - east. 6  Halifax County - northeast. 7  Warren County - north.
1870	The USGenWeb Census Project, Coordinator. North Carolina county names beginning with:
1871	County Profile Nash County (NC) August 2017. Demographics. Population & Growth Population % Annual Growth. 2015 Est Population 94,722 ( 0.5%) 2010 Census Total Population 95,840 0.1%. July 2015 Certified Population Estimate (NC only) 94,370. Urban/Rural Representation Urban/Rural Percent.
1872	Share to: 1  Exploring Indian Culture with the Gujarati Garba India is known for its cultural diversity. 2  Flat Screen TVs: LED and LCD There's a common misunderstanding when it comes to LED and LCD TVs.
1873	Well I don't know why I came here tonight, I got the feeling that something ain't right, I get so scared in case I fall off my chair, And I'm wondering how I'll get down the stairs, There's clowns to the left of me, Jokers to the right, here I am, Stuck in the middle with you.
1874	The version of this song which made it famous was released by Judy Collins in 1975, although (I think) it had previously been covered on albums by Frank Sinatra and Sara … h Vaughn. The song was written by Stephen Sondheim for his 1973 musical A Little Night Music in which it was sung by actress Glynis John.
1875	Misheard Lyrics From… Jack Johnson, Karmin, Phoenix, and 30 Seconds To Mars share some of their most commonly… Originals 12 Hit Songs You Won't Believe Were Passed… Originals New Music Daily Originals 11 Delicious Misheard Lyrics About Food Misheard lyrics about food that you'll never hear the same again!
1876	A female does not sing Gone Country, Alan Jackson does. 2 people found this useful. Edit. Share to: 1  Exploring Indian Culture with the Gujarati Garba India is known for its cultural diversity. 2  Each of its states has one or more traditional folk dances.
1877	Send In The Clowns. Send In The Clowns is a song by Stephen Sondheim, for the musical “A Little Night Music” in 1973. Frank Sinatra recorded this song in his album “Ol’ Blue Eyes Is Back”, in the same year.
1878	Send In The Clowns is track #1 on the album The Essential Judy Collins. It was written by Sondheim, Stephen. Send In The Clowns is track #1 on the album The Essential Judy Collins. It was written by Sondheim, Stephen.
1879	1 Each of its states has one or more traditional folk dances. 2  The Gujarati garba is probably the most famous one in the northern part…. 3  Flat Screen TVs: LED and LCD There's a common misunderstanding when it comes to LED and LCD TVs. 4  LED TVs are LCD TVs with an alternative backlighting system.
1880	Please.... Please..... (Come on). Well I'm tryin' to make some sense of it all, But I can see it makes no sense at all, Is it cool to go to sleep on the floor, 'Cause I don't think that I can take anymore. There's clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right, Here I am, stuck in the middle with you.
1881	(1974-09-15, Caesars Palace, Las Vegas). Frank Sinatra: Probably one the best marriages of words and music done in a long time. (1975 MDA Telethon). The following performance of Send In The Clowns is from his concert, “Concert For The Americas”, 1982. Tonny Mattola is playing the guitar.
1882	Download Stage 3: Booster Seats. Booster seats are designed to allow seat belt use by children who no longer need forward-facing seats. The booster seat positions a child so that the seat belt is correctly located on the lap and shoulder. Don’t hurry to move your child to a booster seat.
1883	Height-based car seats. Height-based car seats are known as ‘i-Size’ seats. They must be rear-facing until your child is over 15 months old. Your child can use a forward-facing car seat when they’re over 15 months old. You must check the seat to make sure it’s suitable for the height of your child.
1884	1 Do not place the shoulder belt under the child’s arm or behind the child’s back.  Older kids get weighed and measured less often than babies, so check your child’s growth a few times a year. Generally, kids need to use a booster until they are at least 4 feet 9 inches tall and weigh between 80 and 100 pounds.
1885	You can choose a child car seat based on your child’s height or weight. Height-based car seats are known as ‘i-Size’ seats. They must be rear-facing until your child is over 15 months old. Your child can use a forward-facing car seat when they’re over 15 months old.
1886	1 When your child is seated in the booster seat, make sure the lap and shoulder belts fit. The lap belt should fit low across the hips and the shoulder belt across the shoulder.  Do not place the shoulder belt under the child’s arm or behind the child’s back.
1887	1 Generally, kids need to use a booster until they are at least 4 feet 9 inches tall and weigh between 80 and 100 pounds. For most kids, they will be between ages 8 to 12 years old.  Talk with everyone who drives your kids so they understand that booster seat use is a must when your child is in their vehicles.
1888	Top Tips. 1  When your child is seated in the booster seat, make sure the lap and shoulder belts fit. 2  Do not place the shoulder belt under the child’s arm or behind the child’s back.  Older kids get weighed and measured less often than babies, so check your child’s growth a few times a year.
1889	Read your vehicle owner’s manual and booster seat user guide to learn how. A correctly installed booster seat should keep the lap and shoulder belts in place across your child’s hips, chest and shoulders. Be sure to carefully follow the directions for routing the vehicle seat belt when using the booster seat.
1890	Instead, have them transition to a booster seat that enables the adult seat belt to fit properly. Booster seats can actually be pretty cool. Here are a few tips to make sure your kids are safe in a booster seat.
1891	There are a variety of booster seats on the market that accommodate children from 40 up to 80 pounds. Several models are weight-rated even higher. Parents should strongly consider using booster seats - even past the age of seven - until their child is tall enough to fit into adult safety belts properly.
1892	One notable exception is the refrigerator. There are several reasons why May is a better time to buy a new fridge, Shelton says. Manufacturers introduce new models in the spring, so retailers tend to cut prices in May on the previous year’s models by as much as 50% to make room.
1893	When to Buy a New Appliance. When it comes to large appliances, many people choose to use their current ones all the way up until the day they die. While this does ensure maximum use, it doesn’t allow you to effectively plan a new appliance purchase when appliance prices are at their lowest.
1894	She'll have a mission! I can't wait to get some new appliances, the stove is nearly 20 years old and looks very dated, I'm tasting a solid surface instead of burners! And I can't wait to have a back-up fridge in the garage, that's where our 15 year old white one will go, for when we entertain or when Woody hunts. Oh, bliss! Extra room.
1895	Thank you for reporting this comment. Yesterday someone at work was looking at the Lowe's flyer from the Sunday paper. They were having a sale this week on appliances, fridge, dishwasher, stove, microwave combo for a set price. Not sure if it's Nationwide, though.
1896	Ready to re-do the laundry room? Or maybe it's simply time to swap out the avocado fridge that's been chugging along since the '70s. While most would-be remodelers fret over where to shop for new household appliances, thrifty Bob Vila wannabes focus on when to shop to get the best bargains.
1897	If you plan ahead, you’ll have plenty of time to find a good deal before you desperately need the appliance. This is because there are certain times of year that are best for purchasing washers and dryers, dishwashers, refrigerators, stoves/ranges, and the like.
1898	They're marked down around 50% or even more. Toward the end of the year, many new models are in and vendors are trying to get rid of the discontinued or old models. Also, during the holidays, usually many places have items on sale.
1899	The best time to buy most major household appliances is September and October, when new models hit stores and older models need to be cleared out to make room, says Regina Novickis, consumer expert with Slickdeals.net, a Web site that rates deals and coupons.
1900	For all major appliances (other than air conditioning units), consider timing your purchase to the suggestions below. 1. September and October. The best time to buy most major appliances is during the months of September and October. During these two months, manufacturers unveil their latest models. This means that the previous year’s models must be discounted in order to make room for the new models that will hit stores in the winter.
1901	Making the world better, one answer at a time. The appliances usually go on sale on holidays especially Thanksgiving . Home Depot, Sear's, Hobo, Lowe's etc runs special deals on black Friday.Hobo usually have great deals year around but black Friday deals are really good. The appliances usually go on sale on holidays especially Thanksgiving .
1902	Permanent funds (in the governmental fund category). Permanent funds are required to be used to report resources that are legally restricted to the extent that only earnings (and not principal) may be used for purposes that support the reporting government programs.
1903	Purpose of Financial Statements. The objective of financial statements is to provide information about the financial position, performance and changes in financial position of an enterprise that is useful to a wide range of users in making economic decisions (IASB Framework). Financial Statements provide useful information to a wide range of users: Managers require Financial Statements to manage the affairs of the company by assessing its financial performance and position and taking important business decisions.
1904	Purpose & Importance of Financial Statements can be analyzed in the context of users of financial statements and their respective interests. The objective of financial statements is to provide information about the financial position, performance and liquidity of the business.
1905	Computer operations. 1  The computer operations staff is responsible for the day-to-day processing activities of the entity's system. It ensures that jobs are scheduled and processed as planned, data are properly stored on the system or tapes, and reports are distributed in a timely and accurate fashion.
1906	Prepare a financial report for use in an official statement for bond issuance purposes Although school districts are a common type of government, they face a number of unique issues that make them distinct from states, cities, counties, or other local governmental entities.
1907	Therefore, Financial Statements provide a basis for the investment decisions of potential investors. Financial Institutions (e.g. banks) use Financial Statements to decide whether to grant a loan or credit to a business. Financial institutions assess the financial health of a business to determine the probability of a bad loan.
1908	With the incorporation of these changes, three categories of funds remain: 1  Governmental funds are those through which most governmental functions are accounted for. 2  Proprietary funds are used to account for a government's ongoing organizations and activities that are similar to those often found in the private sector.
1909	This reduces the number of funds presented on the face of the financial statements and directs the focus on the significant funds of the reporting entity. Major fund reporting is applied only to governmental (i.e., general, special revenue, debt service, capital projects, and permanent funds) and enterprise funds.
1910	Specifically, the information provided by governments should contribute to accountability in the following areas: 1  Financial position and results of operations. 2  Actual financial results compared with adopted budgets. 3  Compliance with finance-related laws, rules and regulations. 4  Efficiency and effectiveness of operations.
1911	In addition, school-level financial information is often related to non-financial information (e.g., student achievement) in published reports and is used for comparison purposes. As a result, school districts must increasingly focus on ensuring that financial information reported by schools is accurate and consistent across the district.
1912	Pregnant women can have some light irregular bleeding during pregnancy, but it should not be like a “normal” period. Some women can confuse this for their period because often it can come right around the time she was expecting her normal period.The irregular bleeding or spotting that can occur during pregnancy is often a dark brown or a light pinkish color. It should not be enough bleeding to fill pads or tampons over a few days.If you are bleeding enough to fill pads and tampons, then this would be a good indication that you are probably not pregnant. negative result can mean that you are not pregnant, you took the test too early, or you took the test wrong. Pregnancy tests vary in their sensitivity (how soon they can detect the hormone hCG), and you may not have given your body enough time to produce enough hCG hormones that will show up on the test.
1913	Miscarriage-About 20-30% of pregnancies end in miscarriage. Bleeding or spotting can be an early sign of miscarriage. Bleeding or spotting during pregnancy does not always mean that the woman will not go on to have a healthy pregnancy but it is reason for concern.A miscarriage often starts with light spotting that turns to heavy bleeding.wenty to twenty-five percent of women have bleeding or spotting during pregnancy. The bleeding is generally not as heavy a regular period. However, if a woman did not know that she was pregnant, she may assume the bleeding was just a light period.
1914	The BabyCenter Editorial Team. No. You can't have your menstrual period while you're pregnant. Some women do have vaginal bleeding during pregnancy. Some even report intermittent bleeding that seems like a regular period to them.But vaginal bleeding during pregnancy is not the same thing as menstruation.he BabyCenter Editorial Team. No. You can't have your menstrual period while you're pregnant. Some women do have vaginal bleeding during pregnancy. Some even report intermittent bleeding that seems like a regular period to them.
1915	1 No. You can not and will not have a period during pregnancy. 2  There may be spotting which may last 1-4 days and is normal for your first child or your fifth. 3  It does not matter. 4  If you think you are pregnant and have spotting then wait a week and test. A period is to drain your menstrual blood, lining and eggs, which in pregnancy are needed to protect the fertilized egg or eggs. 2  So there for you CAN NOT be pregnant and have your period. 3  I'll explain why some women THINK they are on their period.
1916	It is very possible and quite normal to have some 'bleeding' early in pregnancy. I had a very good friend who was 6 1/2 months pregnant before she found out because she was having normal 'periods' (she was heavy set which was why she didn't notice any weight gain or other symptoms).est Answer: You can have bleeding, but not an actual period. Women mistakanly call the bleeding a period when it's not. A period is the disposal of the unused egg and uterus lining.
1917	1 You can have light bleeding during pregnancy and spotting yes. 2  A normal heavy flow period is very unlikely during pregnancy but it does happen with some women. 3  Yes, but it is not called a period. 4  There is a technical term used for the bleeding during pregnancy. A period is to drain your menstrual blood, lining and eggs, which in pregnancy are needed to protect the fertilized egg or eggs. 2  So there for you CAN NOT be pregnant and have your period. 3  I'll explain why some women THINK they are on their period.
1918	During early pregnancy, it is not uncommon for a woman to have bleeding or spotting. This bleeding can sometimes be mistaken for a period. Twenty to twenty-five percent of women have bleeding or spotting during pregnancy.The bleeding is generally not as heavy a regular period. However, if a woman did not know that she was pregnant, she may assume the bleeding was just a light period.wenty to twenty-five percent of women have bleeding or spotting during pregnancy. The bleeding is generally not as heavy a regular period. However, if a woman did not know that she was pregnant, she may assume the bleeding was just a light period.
1919	If so, it probably won't feel like a normal period. You are likely to have stronger tummy cramps and much heavier bleeding. If you have dark or watery bleeding, and sharp pains in your lower tummy, especially on one side, call a doctor straight away.You could have an ectopic pregnancy, which will need swift treatment.f so, it probably won't feel like a normal period. You are likely to have stronger tummy cramps and much heavier bleeding. If you have dark or watery bleeding, and sharp pains in your lower tummy, especially on one side, call a doctor straight away.
1920	1 Anywhere from 5 - 15 days after the egg is fertilized, some women notice bleeding spotting which they confuse with a period. 2  In normal cases the bleeding is much lighter than a period and only last 2-4 days. 3  So all in all, if someone tells you that you can be pregnant, and have your period, they're wrong. A period is to drain your menstrual blood, lining and eggs, which in pregnancy are needed to protect the fertilized egg or eggs. 2  So there for you CAN NOT be pregnant and have your period. 3  I'll explain why some women THINK they are on their period.
1921	Best Answer: You can have bleeding, but not an actual period. Women mistakanly call the bleeding a period when it's not. A period is the disposal of the unused egg and uterus lining.If the lining shed when you were pregnant, then that would be a miscarriage.est Answer: You can have bleeding, but not an actual period. Women mistakanly call the bleeding a period when it's not. A period is the disposal of the unused egg and uterus lining.
1922	1 Possibly the first cloned mammal was a mouse in 1986, in the Soviet Union. 2  However, the cloning was done from an embryo cell, while the sheep Dolly in 1996 was cloned from an adult cell.
1923	Scientists had cloned endangered species before, but not one that had officially died out. (Related: Scientists Clone First Endangered Species: A Wild Sheep [October 29, 2001].).
1924	Dolly was the first clone produced from a cell taken from an adult mammal. The production of Dolly showed that genes in the nucleus of such a mature differentiated somatic cell are still capable of reverting to an embryonic totipotent state, creating a cell that can then go on to develop into any part of an animal.
1925	1 However, the cloning was done from an embryo cell, while the sheep Dolly in 1996 was cloned from an adult cell. 2  The first mouse from adult cells, Cumulina, was born in 1997 at the University of Hawai'i at Mānoa in the laboratory of Ryuzo Yanagimachi using the Honolulu technique.
1926	1 Gene, the first cloned calf in the world was born on February 7, 1997 at the American Breeders Service facilities in Deforest, Wisconsin, USA. 2  Later it was transferred and kept at the Minnesota Zoo Education Center. 3  Three more cloned calves were born in 1998.
1927	A species of wild cattle, the first endangered species to be cloned. In 2001 at the Trans Ova Genetics in Sioux Center, Iowa, USA, a cloned Gaur was born from a surrogate domestic cow mother. However, the calf died within 48 hours.
1928	An extinct animal has been resurrected by cloning for the first time—though the clone died minutes after birth. Findings revealed January 23 in the journal Theriogenology describe the use of frozen skin in 2003 to clone a bucardo, or Pyrenean ibex, a subspecies of Spanish ibex that went extinct in 2000. Enlarge Photo.
1929	Dolly was remarkable in being the first mammal to be cloned from an adult cell. This was a major scientific achievement as it demonstrated that the DNA from adult cells, despite having specialised as one particular type of cell, can be used to create an entire organism.
1930	Dolly the sheep, as the first mammal to be cloned from an adult cell, is by far the world's most famous clone. However, cloning has existed in nature since the dawn of life. From asexual bacteria to ‘virgin births’ in aphids, clones are all around us and are fundamentally no different to other organisms.
1931	How Dolly was cloned. Animal cloning from an adult cell is much more difficult than from an embryonic cell. So when scientists working at the Roslin Institute in Scotland produced Dolly, the only lamb born from 277 attempts, it was a major news story around the world.
1932	Weil is less enthusiastic about white, or button, mushrooms, a species of mushroom that also includes Portobellos and criminis. “Button mushrooms do possess some health benefits, but not the general health benefits found in Asian mushrooms,” Weil says. Weil also says that these commonly available mushrooms contain natural substances called agaritines, which studies show may increase the risk of tumors in animals.
1933	Andrew Weil, MD, is a huge fan of mushrooms. A longtime mushroom hunter, he seeks them out because of their taste and health benefits. And Weil, founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine at the University of Arizona Health Sciences Center, likes to share his enthusiasm for these fungi.
1934	In fact, as the authors of a recent Nutrition Today article noted, mushrooms’ nutrient and culinary characteristics suggest it may be time to re-evaluate food groupings and health benefits in the context of three separate food kingdoms: plants/ botany; animals/zoology and fungi/mycology.
1935	For thousands of years, Eastern cultures have revered mushrooms’ health benefits.1 Mushrooms have long been celebrated as a source of powerful nutrients, but they can also help Americans meet the dietary recommendations set forth in the 2010 Dietary Guidelines and Institute of Medicine’s Dietary Reference Intakes for Calcium and Vitamin D.
1936	For the maximum health benefits of mushrooms, I strongly advise against eating these or any other types of mushrooms raw, whether they’re wild or cultivated. If you’re going to eat them cook them well, at high temperatures, by sauteeing, broiling, or grilling. Heat breaks down many of the toxic constituents.
1937	Health Benefits of Portobello Mushrooms. Of the 140,000 fungi known to produce mushrooms, only about 100 of them are being investigated for possible health-promoting benefits.
1938	You can buy dried, ground mushrooms and use them to make tea if you don’t mind the bitterness. Otherwise, buy reishi tablets, liquid extracts or capsules, which are available online and in health food stores and follow the recommended dosage. Take reishi every day for at least two months to see what it can do for you.
1939	Mushrooms are a good source of B vitamins, including riboflavin, niacin, and pantothenic acid, which help to provide energy by breaking down proteins, fats and carbohydrates2. B vitamins also play an important role in the nervous system.
1940	“…Mushrooms’ nutrient and culinary characteristics suggest it may be time to reevaluate food groupings and health benefits in the context of 3 separate food kingdoms: plants/botany, animals/zoology, and fungi/mycology.
1941	Procedures: 1  Clean mushrooms with a damp cloth and remove the stems. 2  In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, water, honey, garlic, cayenne pepper, and olive oil and drizzle it over the mushrooms. 3  Prepare a charcoal grill, gas grill, or broiler to medium heat.
1942	Approximately 100 types of human papillomavirus infection (HPV) have been identified, at least 40 of which can infect the genital area (758). Most HPV infections are self-limited and are asymptomatic or unrecognized. Most sexually active persons become infected with HPV at least once in their lifetime (533,759).
1943	Vaccines: Prevention, not a Cure. While the type of HPV that causes genital warts is consider “low risk,” there are other HPV types referred to as “high-risk,” as infection with these types can lead to the development of cervical cancer.
1944	HPV Treatment. There is no cure for human papillomavirus (HPV). However, there is treatment for the changes the virus can cause to the cervix, as well as treatment for the warts that can occur with an infection (both genital and nongenital).
1945	HPV (human papillomavirus) is a sexually transmitted virus. It is passed on through genital contact (such as vaginal and anal sex). It is also passed on by skin-to-skin contact. At least 50% of people who have had sex will have HPV at some time in their lives. HPV is not a new virus.
1946	When the HPV infection does not clear, genital warts, precancers, and cancers of the cervix, anus, penis, vulva, vagina, head, and neck might develop. The types of HPV that cause genital warts are different from the types that can cause cancer.
1947	Certain types of HPV infection cause cervical cancers. More than 100 varieties of human papillomavirus (HPV) exist. Different types of HPV infection cause warts on different parts of your body. For example, some types of HPV infection cause plantar warts on the feet, while others cause warts that mostly appear on the face or neck. Most HPV infections don't lead to cancer. But some types of genital HPV can cause cancer of the lower part of the uterus that connects to the vagina (cervix). Other types of cancers, including cancers of the anus, penis, vagina, vulva and back of the throat (oropharyngeal), have been linked to HPV infection.
1948	There are over 100 different kinds of HPV and not all of them cause health problems. Some kinds of HPV may cause problems like genital warts. Some kinds of HPV can also cause cancer of the cervix, vagina, vulva, or anus. Most of these problems are caused by types 6, 11, 16 or 18.
1949	A cure for HPV! Satisfaction guaranteed! No more outbreaks! If you’ve had an HPV diagnosis, you may have seen claims like this in your search for information on the Internet and elsewhere, often written in large bold type.
1950	Certain factors may affect the treatment for HPV that your healthcare provider recommends, including whether symptoms are present and what you want and expect. Treating HPV: An Overview. Human papillomavirus (HPV) is an extremely common type of virus that infect humans.
1951	This is why experts say there is no “cure” for HPV, as the virus may still be present even though there are no signs of infection, like pre-cancerous lesions or genital warts. Some websites tout nutritional or herbal supplements that are claimed to either cure the virus or speed natural clearance.
1952	Once in Law Land, one of the first (among many) perplexing metrics was law firm profitably. How could it be that on average the reported profits for the AmLaw 200 is 36.5% (median of 35.0%) – even after The Great Reset? There were even some firms reporting profits in the 60% range.
1953	Average receipts per lawyer reported by participating firms totaled. $432,242, representing a decrease of 4% from the prior year. Overhead expenses. also decreased by 4% from the prior year to $161,904 per lawyer which, when. combined with the revenue decrease of 4%, had a net negative effect on law firm.
1954	According to a 2014 Gartner Research study, “companies spent on average 10.2% of their annual 2014 revenue on overall marketing, with 50% of companies planning to increase [in 2015] to an average of 10.4%.” Ten percent — the magic number you will likely hear whenever you ask how much of your revenue you should spend on marketing.
1955	In general, pricing ranges from a low of 75% of sales for firms. under $50K in revenue to 130% for larger firms in excess of $1M in sales.. SDE should be 40% to 60% of gross revenue. The higher the percent of SDE, the more valuable the practice. Other important.
1956	All figures are pre-tax profit as a percentage of revenue. We chose this metric as it seems most directly comparable to what Law Land figures since, as we all know, law firms themselves pay no taxes: Johnson + Johnson: 21.0%. Colgate: 20.5%.
1957	For example, a firm of three partners may determine that each will share in the net profit by allocating 45 percent, 30 percent and 25 percent, respectively. The gross fees collected total $650,000; with overhead at 42 percent, the net profit to be distributed is $377,000.
1958	2012 Survey of Law Firm Economics Executive Summary, Page 7. The average amount of unbilled time for non-contingent fee matters per. lawyer for all participating law firms is $54,404, and the average for all size law. firms fluctuates in a narrow range between $46,000 and $68,000.
1959	And they believe in what they are selling. Just take a look at their numbers. Salesforce invests 53% of their revenue into sales and marketing! 53%! Think about that for a minute. That’s just over half of the $4.1 billion in revenue generated in 2014.
1960	For instance, in the firm of A,B & C, A may have 40 units, B may have 35 units and C may have 25 units. A will receive 40/100ths of net profit. B will receive 35/100ths and C will receive 25/100ths. The following year, the allocations of B and C are increased: A receives 40 units, B 40 units and C 30 units.
1961	Those with 76 to 150 lawyers saw revenue. per lawyer decline by 10 percent. For firms of 150 lawyers or more, the drop was 9. percent. At the other end of the size spectrum, firms of one to nine lawyers. experienced a sharp 17 percent drop in RPL.
1962	Most of the stretches you see and do are likely static-passive stretches. Static-passive stretches are the most common stretches and the easiest to perform. If executed with good technique, these stretches are effective in improving flexibility and range of motion.
1963	1. Straight Legged Toe Touches. This stretch calls for keeping your legs straight while you bend over and touch your toes, with a bent spine. Stretching in this manner can be dangerous. Straight legged toe touches encourage hyperextension of the knees, which occurs when ligaments become stretches, and can lead to knee injury.
1964	Stretching to prevent soreness. If you spend 15 minutes stretching in the hopes of preventing post-workout soreness, you may be wasting your time. Stretching before exercise doesn't do anything to lessen muscle soreness, finds a BMJ study.
1965	5 Stretches You Should Never Do. gettyimages-537332564-jaaakworks-opener.jpg. There's a lot to like about stretching. Whether it's a little morning yoga to wake you up, or simple stretches to calm your nerve pain, stretching is beneficial in countless ways.
1966	Although the benefits of stretching are many, is not for everyone. People who have suffered an acute muscle strain should avoid placing further stress on the muscle through stretching activities. The injured muscle should be given time to rest. Stretching muscle fibers in the acute period can result in further injury.
1967	Static stretching means a stretch is held in a challenging but comfortable position for a period of time, usually somewhere between 10 to 30 seconds. Static stretching is the most common form of stretching found in general fitness and is considered safe and effective for improving overall flexibility.
1968	Prolonged stretching—or more than 60 seconds per muscle group—could decrease performance before some activities, says David Behm, PhD, a professor of human kinetics at Canada's Memorial University. Here are five stretches you should reconsider—or avoid altogether.
1969	Physical Therapy. Stretching is the deliberate lengthening of muscles in order to increase muscle flexibility and joint range of motion. Stretching activities are an important part of any exercise or rehabilitation program. They help warm the body up prior to activity thus decreasing the risk of injury as well as muscle soreness.
1970	This is an excerpt from Full-Body Flexibility, Second Edition by Jay Blahnik. Stretching Techniques and Terms. First let’s review a few important techniques and terms. Even if you’re familiar with stretching, it’s a good idea to double-check your knowledge of this information.
1971	6 Risky Stretches to Avoid. Stretches can help prevent muscle soreness and reduce your risk of injury; they can also improve overall flexibility, decrease your post workout recovery time and improve posture and balance.
1972	1 Upload failed. 2  We are experiencing some problems, please try again. 3  You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. 4  You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM. 5  You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB. 6  You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB.
1973	These have just one valence electron in their outermost shell. Group II (magnesium etc.) have 2. Group III metals (boron) have 3 valence electrons. At the far right hand side are the group VIII ('Noble') elements. These have full outer shells and so are generally unreactive, except under extreme conditions. Source(s):
1974	Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon all have complete outer shells. They are noble gases. The noble gases, which are the last group on the periodic table.
1975	· just now. 1  Helium, Neon, Argon These elements are some of the noble gases. 2  Helium ( He ), Neon ( Ne ), and Argon ( Ar 3  ). helium, neon, argon, xenon and redon, these 5 elements among all have their outer shell filled up. carbon_arka · 9 years ago. 4  7A groupof periodic table.. 5  from that list only:
1976	Which elements had complete outer shells? Answer Questions Why is the value obtained for the density of a metal likely to have a larger percentage error than the density found for a liquid?
1977	Best Answer: Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon all have complete outer shells. They are noble gases. ... Elements With Complete Outer Shells ... The noble ...
1978	name three elements that have complete outer shell is can only be out of these ones: Lithium Sodium beryllium magnesium boron aluminum carbon silicon nitrogen phosphorus oxygen sulfur fluorine chlorine Helium Neon Argon Hydrogen.
1979	Which elements have complete outer shells? How can you tell if an element has a complete outer shell? How can you tell if an element has a complete outer shell?
1980	Helium, Neon, Argon These elements are some of the noble gases. At ground state, they have complete outer shells making them non-reactive. dimple · 2 years ago
1981	Helium, Neon, Argon These elements are some of the noble gases. At ground state, they have complete outer shells making them non-reactive. Helium ( He ), Neon ( Ne ), and Argon ( Ar ). Just wanted to add the chemical symbol just in case you needed to write that down too. helium, neon, argon, xenon and redon, these 5 elements among all have their outer shell filled up.
1982	Though it continues to be the largest artificial island in the United States, the Rokko Island in Japan is now more than three times larger. After World War II the Port of Seattle diversified its activities with the expansion of Fishermen’s Terminal, the construction of Shilshole Bay Marina, ambitious developments on Harbor Island, and the creation of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
1983	Medy Tarona added 4 new photos — with Fe Ann Cua Taclan at Big Island Poke. · August 16, 2017 · Renton, WA · Teresa Pangilinan is with Stacie Pielago at Big Island Poke.
1984	Island County is less diverse than Washington state as a whole in terms of race and ethnicity. In 2014, 86.3 percent of the Island County population was white compared with 80.7 percent at the state level.
1985	However, that is counterbalanced by Long Island being far more out into the ocean than Whidbey Island, trapped far inland in Puget Sound. Long Island Sound is far wider than Possesion Sound, too. One superlative remains: Whidbey Island is indeed the longest island on the Pacific coast of the contiguous United States. This is mainly due to lack of competition from the almost island-free coasts of California and Oregon, though.
1986	More Articles. 1  Things to Do in Seattle When it Rains. 2  Three Hour Cruises in Seattle, Washington. 3  Day-Trip Cruises from Seattle to Canada. 4  Top 10 Cool Things to See in Seattle. 5  Things to Do on the Seattle Waterfront. 6  What to Do for a Week in Seattle.
1987	Steamboat Island: Thurston: 41.01.02: Stretch: Mason: 119: 0.47: 1.22: Stuart: San Juan: 47: 2.88: 7.46: Sucia: San Juan: 4: 0.87: 2.26: Tatoosh: Clallam: 0: 0.06: 0.16: Vashon-Maury: King: 10,123: 37: 95.8: Vendovi: Skagit: 2: 0.34: 0.89: Waadah: Clallam: 0: 0.06: 0.16: Waldron: San Juan: 104: 4.6: 11.91: Whidbey: Island: 58,211: 168.67: 436.85: McMicken: Mason: 0: 0.018: 0.047
1988	Whidbey Island is the largest of the islands composing Island County, Washington, in the United States. Whidbey is about 30 miles north of Seattle, and lies between the Olympic Peninsula and the I-5 corridor of western Washington. The island forms the northern boundary of Puget Sound. It is home to Naval Air Station Whidbey Island. Whidbey Island is home to 58,211 residents. An estimated 29,000 of Whidbey Island residents live in rural locations. Whidbey Island is approximately 55 miles long, or
1989	Source for Size, Land Area, and Water Area: United States -- States; and Puerto Rico - GCT-PH1. - Population, Housing Units, Area, and Density: 2000 - Data Set: Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data. Note that our rankings for population density do not match our source includes Puerto Rico.
1990	Elaine Simons was eating ahi poke at Big Island Poke. · May 18, 2017 · Renton, WA · Heading to Restorative Justice in the Classroom workshop & decided to treat myself to some delicious tako and ahi!
1991	Bainbridge Island. Leaving from downtown Seattle, the ferry to Bainbridge Island crosses Elliott Bay and Puget Sound in 35 minutes. Parts of the island are rural, but you will arrive in the town of Winslow, which has the feel of a beach town.
1992	This caused him a lot of pain, and none of the dentists he went to knew what to do besides take them out. Slowly but surely all of Washington's teeth were extracted. In 1772 Dr. Baker of Philadelphia extracted several. Finally, George had to have false teeth made. They were made out of hippopotamus ivory and cow's tooth, carved by hand, and held in his mouth with metal springs.
1993	Of all the founding fathers, he was the most athletic, the most adventurous and clearly a man of action, Rees said. Washington, contrary to his grim-faced portrait on the dollar bill, was a great dancer and horseman. He started losing his teeth in his 20s.
1994	Nevertheless, by the time he was inaugurated as president in 1789, Washington only had a single natural tooth left. He took the oath of office while wearing a special set of dentures made from ivory, brass and gold built for him by dentist John Greenwood.
1995	He had false teeth, but they were not made of wood. As a matter of fact, the materials used in his false teeth were probably more uncomfortable than wood. They were made of cow's teeth, human teeth, and elephant ivory set in a lead base with springs that allowed him to open and close his mouth. They fit poorly and distorted the shape of his mouth. Throughout most of George Washington's life he had problems of continuing deterioration of his teeth.
1996	The famous claim that George Washington sported a set of wooden teeth is little more than a myth, but America’s first president was certainly not a shining example of oral hygiene. Dental issues plagued Washington for most of his adult life.
1997	At age 57, he will be shown being sworn in for his first term as president. Jed Kirschbaum / The Baltimore Sun. Scott Swank, DDS, Curator of The National Museum of Dentistry readies a George Washington denture for laser scanning.
1998	Though Washington’s dentures were fashioned by some of the best dentists the late 18th century had to offer, they still left him disfigured and often in pain. Keeping his false teeth looking pearly white was a constant chore, and Washington often shipped them off to Greenwood to keep them in working order.
1999	He began losing teeth as early as his twenties, and was eventually forced to wear several sets of unsightly and painful dentures. Rather than wood, Washington’s many false choppers were made out of varying combinations of rare hippopotamus ivory, human teeth and metal fasteners.
2000	BALTIMORE — Researchers hoping to dispel George Washington's image as a stiff-jawed, boring old man are taking a bite out of history through a high-tech study of his famous false teeth.
2001	The researchers were in Baltimore on Tuesday to perform laser scans on a set of Washington's dentures at the National Museum of Dentistry — dentures, they say, that were not made of wood as commonly believed.
2002	The United States Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs considers matters relating to the compensation of veterans, life insurance issued on account of service in the Armed Forces, national cemeteries, pensions of all wars, readjustment of servicemen to civil life, and veterans' hospitals and medical care.
2003	Jim Renacci was born December 3, 1958, in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh. Renacci’s father was a railroad worker and his mother was a nurse.
2004	n (Brit. history) a local government committee composed of magistrates and representatives of the county borough council responsible for the efficiency of the local police force. English Collins Dictionary-English Definition & Thesaurus &nbsp.
2005	See also: Central Committee, School Committee, select committee, standing committee. sit around. sit around. exp. let the time go by without doing something important, relax, waste time. E.g.: It was a quite evening: we sat around chatting and watching TV. ! the one you sit on your shoulder will attempt to mount on your head.
2006	In the 112th congress, Renacci served on the Committee on Financial Services, as vice chair of the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, and a member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.
2007	n a committee set up to prepare and arrange topics to be discussed, the order of business, etc., for a legislative assembly or other body. vigilance committee. n (in the U.S.) a self-appointed body of citizens organized to maintain order, punish crime, etc., where an efficient system of courts does not exist.
2008	A self-made millionaire, Renacci started his first business at the age of 24. It is estimated that Renacci is currently worth between $35 and $100 million and made salary, interest and other income of between $500,000 and $4.3 million in 2008 and 2009.
2009	Renacci announced on August 24, 2009 that he would run for the U.S. House of Representatives in Ohio's 16th district, officially filing on January 11, 2010. Renacci ran as a Contender of the National Republican Congressional Committee in its Young Guns program.
2010	The modern House committees were brought into existence through the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946. This bill reduced the number of House committees from 48 to 19, as well as restructured the jurisdictions of the committees.
2011	(January 2013). Members of the Committee on Financial Services sit in the tiers of raised chairs (R), while those testifying and audience members sit below (L). The United States House of Representatives currently has 21 congressional committees; 20 standing committees and one select committee. All but three committees, the Budget Committee, the Ethics Committee, and the House Administration Committee, are subdivided into subcommittees, each with its own leadership.
2012	MLB: The Show. Discuss the MLB: The Show on the PS4 here! Below you will find a list of discussions in the MLB: The Show forums at the Operation Sports Forums.
2013	It was produced and presented by Jonathan Marks. In the course of 1994, he was joined by colleague Diana Janssen, who was working as a media researcher at the station, who co-hosted the show until shortly before its end. Media Network ran for over 1000 editions.
2014	For audio and video on computer networks, see Network media. Media Network was the name of a weekly radio programme broadcast on Radio Netherlands Worldwide from 7 May 1981 until 26 October 2000. When the programme began the station was known as Radio Nederland, but was renamed Radio Netherlands shortly thereafter.
2015	MLB: The ShowDiscuss the MLB: The Show on the PS4 here! Below you will find a list of discussions in the MLB: The Show forums at the Operation Sports Forums. Discuss the MLB: The Show on the PS4 here! Below you will find a list of discussions in the MLB: The Show forums at the Operation Sports Forums.
2016	Installing the Windows 2000 Remote Installation Services. The following instructions help you install, configure, and use the Windows 2000 Remote Installation Services. Install Remote Installation Services. On a Windows 2000 Server, click Start, point to Settings, and click Control Panel.
2017	Ensure that the client computer's network card has been set as the primary boot device within the system BIOS. When the client computer boots and is configured with the network card as the primary boot device, it requests a network service boot from the remote installation server on the network.
2018	Marks decided that the show needed to be updated to reflect a new era. Fewer listeners were building their own radios. The music was shortened and a name change was also planned for the middle of 1981, with Media Network being the name suggested by Roger Broadbent, a colleague producer.
2019	If more than one OS image is available for installation, the user has a choice of which OS to install. Note that you can configure the RIS server to limit the OS images the user can see. For more information on restricting OS image access, see the section Restricting OS Image Options below.
2020	After the installation is complete, the user is prompted to log on to the network with an existing user account, password, and logon domain. At this point, you have successfully configured and installed a remote operating system using RIS. See below for additional information on configuration options.
2021	Remote Installation Services (RIS) ships as part of the Windows® 2000 Server operating system. This document outlines the steps necessary to install, configure, and use RIS. RIS was designed to reduce the costs incurred by pre-installing or physically visiting each client computer to install the operating system (OS).
2022	The name Davis is of English and English origin. The meaning of Davis is beloved. Davis is generally used as a boy's name. It consists of 5 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Da-vis.
2023	Please upload a file larger than 100x100 pixels. We are experiencing some problems, please try again. You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM.
2024	Last name: Davis. This distinguished surname, with no less than twenty Coats of Arms, and several notable entries in the Dictionary of National Biography, is a patronymic form of the male given name David, itself coming from the Hebrew Dodaveha meaning Beloved of Jehovah.
2025	From the Hebrew name דָּוִד (Dawid), which was probably derived from Hebrew דוד (dwd) meaning beloved. David was the second and greatest of the kings of Israel, ruling in the 10th century BC. Several stories about him are told in the Old Testament, including his defeat of Goliath, a giant Philistine. According to the New Testament, Jesus was descended from him.This name has been used in Britain since the Middle Ages.
2026	What Does Name David Mean. 1  You are strong in material matters, determined and stubborn. 2  Click here to see the meaning of the Number 10/1 In Tarot. 3  The Number 1 suggests a strong sense of independence, desire to excel and to lead.  Click here to see the meaning of the Number 22/4 In 1  Tarot. Four represents Enclosure, Completion, Foundation.
2027	What Does Name David Mean. You are strong in material matters, determined and stubborn. You have good business ability. You are a good worker, steady and practical, a builder who takes responsibility well. These qualities may bring you a position of authority and power. You are a doer, down-to-earth, serious-minded, reliable, and self-disciplined; have good power of concentration.You are bold, independent, inquisitive and interested in research.
2028	Davis Popularity. In the U.S. in 2015, it ranked 474 in baby name popularity for boys with 623 occurrences. It ranked 5,476 in baby name popularity for girls with 24 occurrences. In contrast, the year before it ranked 446 in baby name popularity for boys with 666 occurrences.
2029	Updated March 03, 2017. Davis is a common patronymic surname with Welsh origins meaning son of David, a given name that means beloved.. Davis is the 7th most common surname in America, the 45th most common in England, and the 68th most common in Wales. Surname Origin: Welsh, English.
2030	The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of John Dauisse, which was dated 1327, in the Subsidy Rolls of Cambridgeshire, during the reign of King Edward 111, known as The Father of the Navy, 1327 - 1377. Surnames became necessary when governments introduced personal taxation.
2031	The Jews in the time of Jesus did not use last names    He was known as Jesus (or Yeshua) son of (bar) Joseph. Perhaps his  name would be closer to Yeshua bar Youssef.… Names were not  organized and handed down as they are in current western culture.  Contrary to popular belief, Christ is not his 'last name'.
2032	Individual 401k Contribution Limits. The 2015 Individual 401k contribution limits are $53,000 and $59,000 if age 50 or older (2014 limits are $52,000 and $57,500 if age 50 or older). The annual Individual 401k contribution consists of 2 parts a salary deferral contribution and a profit sharing contribution. Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 or $23,000 if age 50 or older). 3  Profit Sharing Contribution.
2033	In 2015 the Self Employed 401k contribution limit is $53,000 and $59,000 if age 50 or older (2014 limit is $52,000 and $57,500 if age 50 or older). The annual Self Employed 401k contribution consists of 2 parts a salary deferral contribution and a profit sharing contribution.n 2015, 100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to a Self Employed 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older). Profit Sharing Contribution :
2034	In 2015, 100% of net adjusted business profits income up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed in salary deferrals into a Self Employed 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older). Profit Sharing Contribution :n 2015, 100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to a Self Employed 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older). Profit Sharing Contribution :
2035	1 In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 or $23,000 if age 50 or older). 2  Profit Sharing Contribution. 3  A profit sharing contribution up to 25% of W-2 earnings can be contributed into an Individual 401k. Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 or $23,000 if age 50 or older). 3  Profit Sharing Contribution.
2036	In 2015, 100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to a Self Employed 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older). Profit Sharing Contribution :A profit sharing contribution up to 25% of W-2 earnings can be contributed into a Self Employed 401k.n 2015, 100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to a Self Employed 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older). Profit Sharing Contribution :
2037	You can vary the profit sharing percentage from 25% of your salary or earnings to all the way down to zero%. It works the same with the 401k salary or earnings deferral. You can have a maximum 401k deferral of $17,500 in 2014 ($23,000 age 50) or all the way down to a zero deferral.The profit sharing feature of your retirement plan allows you to make an additional contribution of up to 25% of your salary or earnings.The total amount of both the 401k deferrals and the profit sharing contributions are limited to a maximum of $52,000 in 2014. The maximum amount for 2015 is increased to $53,000.ou can vary the profit sharing percentage from 25% of your salary or earnings to all the way down to zero%. It works the same with the 401k salary or earnings deferral. You can have a maximum 401k deferral of $17,500 in 2014 ($23,000 age 50) or all the way down to a zero deferral.
2038	1 In 2015, 100% of net adjusted business profits income up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed in salary deferrals into an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 or $23,000 if age 50 or older). 2  Profit Sharing Contribution. Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 or $23,000 if age 50 or older). 3  Profit Sharing Contribution.
2039	1 Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 or $23,000 if age 50 or older). 3  Profit Sharing Contribution. Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 or $23,000 if age 50 or older). 3  Profit Sharing Contribution.
2040	1 Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older).3  Profit Sharing Contribution.ndividual 401k contribution calculation for an S or C corporation or an LLC taxed as a corporation. 1  Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older).
2041	1 In 2015, 100% of net adjusted business profits income up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed in salary deferrals into an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older). 2  Profit Sharing Contribution.ndividual 401k contribution calculation for an S or C corporation or an LLC taxed as a corporation. 1  Salary Deferral Contribution. 2  In 2015,100% of W-2 earnings up to the maximum of $18,000 or $24,000 if age 50 or older can be contributed to an Individual 401k (2014 limits are $17,500 and $23,000 if age 50 or older).
2042	While models that trim fees down to $100 or $200 per month may make concierge medicine affordable for the middle class (that’s less than what many people shell out every month for Starbucks coffee, he points out), it’s unclear how much better care a physician could offer concierge patients on top of a full practice.
2043	For anyone who has ever waited days or weeks to see the doctor, concierge medicine sounds appealing: For an additional fee, patients typically enjoy same-day appointments and 24-hour access, more face time with the doctor and extra preventative care.
2044	Depending upon the services, fees range from as little as $60 per year up to $30,000 per year. The majority of patients still carry health insurance to pay for specialized services that their concierge doctor is unable to provide.
2045	1 Mileage fees if the concierge drives his or her vehicle to run an errand*. 2  Errand running fees for when the concierge goes off site to fulfill a request. 3  Emergency service fees if an employee needs immediate assistance.  Use of preferred vendors who provide kickbacks to the concierge.
2046	For this type of service, the fee structure is different. The services are typically paid for by the organization so they are a true benefit for employees. The organization contracts with the concierge service provider to serve employees.
2047	The essence of the concierge job is to provide service. A hotel concierge is there to ensure that guests have everything they need during their stay. Typically, the concierge sits at a desk in the lobby, and guests can either stop by or call with their requests. Those requests may include:
2048	The Academy estimates there are about 3,500 concierge doctors nationwide, up from about 2,400 just 18 months ago. It expects the number to double every 12 to 18 months for the next three years. Concierge medicine comes in many different forms, according to Tom Blue, the Academy’s executive director.
2049	The essence of the concierge job is to provide service. A hotel concierge is there to ensure that guests have everything they need during their stay. Typically, the concierge sits at a desk in the lobby, and guests can either stop by or call with their requests. In the next section, we'll look at personal concierges.
2050	One of the most common kinds of concierge services are those that come with cardholder benefits. Many credit card companies like American Express or MasterCard offer the help of a concierge to those who are cardholders. You can dial a call center and request assistance to get tickets to an event or show, dinner reservations or travel accommodations.
2051	One of those physicians is Steven D. Knope, a concierge physician in Tucson, Ariz., who runs a full-retainer practice that is “completely off the grid” of third-party payers such as Medicare, Medicaid and insurers. He charges an annual fee of $6,000 per individual or $10,000 per couple for full services.
2052	Sanyo Foods had previously kept their headquarters and R&D all in their original town of Maebashi city, Gunma prefecture, but their headquarters have legally moved to Minato-ku, Tokyo. They have built their plants for domestic products in Gunma, Chiba, Nara, and Fukuoka.
2053	1 Original (Red package) a mild soy sauce flavor, debuted in stores January 1966. 2  Miso (Orange package), debuted in stores September 1968. 3  Salt (Black and Red package), debuted in stores August 1971.
2054	Definition of ichiban. Here you will find one or more explanations in English for the word ichiban. Also in the bottom left of the page several parts of wikipedia pages related to the word ichiban and, of course, ichiban synonyms and on the right images related to the word ichiban.
2055	Sapporo Ichiban (サッポロ一番) is a brand of instant noodles (most of them ramen) made by Sanyo Foods, and a competitor to other Japanese ramen brands like Nissin.
2056	Meaning of ichiban from wikipedia. - it can also refer to: chūka ichiban!, a ****anese anime ichiban ushiro no dai maō, a ****anese novel and anime sapporo ichiban, a brand of instant noodles. - ichiban records was an american independent record label, founded in 1985 by john abbey and nina easton in atlanta, georgia, united states. wrap records.
2057	Non-ramen packages include: 1  Yakisoba / Chow mein (Yellow, orange and white package). 2  Kitsune-Kitsune udon (Blue and white package).
2058	Sapporo Ichiban literally means Sapporo's number one [noodle], but there is no relation between Sapporo Ichiban and the city of Sapporo, Hokkaido.
2059	Anonymous said... Sapporo Ichiban is great. The person who started this thread by saying it wasn't authentic hasn't been there for a DECADE! (He said he last went in 2002, for god's sake). I've been with friends who have been to Japan and they seemed to think the food was perfectly fine and certainly not 'inauthentic'. I really liked it.
2060	Sally said... I'm a big fan of Sapporo and I love Japanese food. It's run by chinese staff but they do great bento boxes, their Chicken Kara-age is wonderful. I love their Catford roll which is basically a good prawn tempura roll. I think Headhunter should try a repeat visit.
2061	If by noodle bars you mean ramen places (as in noodles in soup), then Wagamama is not authentic. Ramen places in Japan are usually fairly down at heel, street corner type places along the lines of a local caff in London serving fish and chips, jellied eels and shepherds pie. None of the trendy flashiness of Wagamama.
2062	Print out the pages and make a book (punch holes and place in notebook), so. children can read along with the song. Note that only the questions are in the song, but you can include the answer pages or not, depending on how you want to use it. Either print the pages as two-sided with the questions on the left, or place two papers in a page protector back to back. Owl Song. Who, who, who are you, the owl seems to say
2063	The vast majority of the roughly 200 species of owls are so-called true owls, which possess large heads with round faces, short tails, and muted feathers with mottled patterns. The remainder, accounting for a little over a dozen species, are barn owls, which can be distinguished by their heart-shaped faces, long legs equipped with powerful talons, and moderate size.
2064	On the following slides, you'll discover 10 essential owl facts, ranging from how these predatory birds hunt to how smart they actually are. 02. of 11.
2065	Owl Song. Who, who, who are you, the owl seems to say. Who, who, who are you, he’s asking every day . Owl I have some questions for you. Where do you live and why do you “hoo?” What do you eat and when do you sleep? Yes, I have questions too . Who, who, who are you? (inst. Children can make “hoo” sounds) Who, who, who are you? (inst. Children can make “hoo” sounds) Owl I have some questions for you
2066	So I was thinking- who better to help clarify the question (no pun intended), than the questioning owl? Read the activities below, and use the ones that fit the ages you work with. I receive many e-mails from ESL teachers around the world, and my hope is that this will also be a useful song for you in teaching those pesky interrogative pronouns (better known to us laymen as the five W’s: who, what, when, where, why).
2067	For one thing, owls will only eat fresh food, meaning you have to maintain a constant supply of mice, gerbils, rabbits, and other small mammals; for another, the beaks and talons of owls are very sharp, so you'll also have to keep a ready stock of band-aids; and as if all that weren't enough, an owl can live for more than 30 years, so you'll be donning your industrial-strength gloves and flinging gerbils into its cage well into late middle age.
2068	Owl I have some questions for you. Where do you live and why do you “hoo?” What do you eat and when do you sleep? Yes, I have questions too . Who, who, who are you? (inst. Children can make “hoo” sounds) Who, who, who are you? (inst. Children can make “hoo” sounds) Owl I have some questions for you. Where do you live and why do you “hoo?” What do you eat and when do you sleep? Yes, I have questions too . Who, who, who are you
2069	With the exception of the common barn owl—which has a worldwide distribution—the most familiar owls, at least to residents of North America and Eurasia, are the true owls. 02 of 10
2070	This cute craft is also a clever get-to-know-you activity! This activity is appropriate for: preschool - 3rd grade / 3 - 8 years. You will need: Owl body and wings template; Owl feet and beak template; Owl eyes template; Construction Paper - 9 x 12 (brown, orange and white) Safety Scissors; Lakeshore Glue Sticks; Brass fasteners (two per student)
2071	Basically, people think owls are smart for the same reason they think all kids who wear glasses are smart: bigger-than-usual eyes convey the impression of high intelligence. (This isn't to say that owls are especially dumb, either; you need lots of brain power to successfully hunt at night!)
2072	1 Groups of alligators or crocodiles are called congregations, and groups of Komodo dragons are called banks. 2  Both a group of hippopotami and a group of rhinoceri can be called a crash. 3  A group of hippopotami also can be called a bloat.
2073	Crocodiles (subfamily Crocodylinae) or true crocodiles are large aquatic reptiles that live throughout the tropics in Africa, Asia, the Americas and Australia. Crocodylinae, all of whose members are considered true crocodiles, is classified as a biological subfamily.
2074	A group of crocodiles is called a bask or a float, not to be confused with a group of alligators which is called a congregation.
2075	Alligators and crocodiles belong to a group of reptiles called crocodilians. Crocodilians are the largest of the living reptiles and have the most complex behavior.
2076	A congregation refers to a group of alligators, where the smaller alligators are compliant to the biggest, most dominant alligator. A group of newly hatched alligators, or juveniles, is referred to as a pod.
2077	A: A congregation refers to a group of alligators, where the smaller alligators are compliant to the biggest, most dominant alligator. A group of newly hatched alligators, or juveniles, is referred to as a pod.
2078	A group of crocodiles is called a congregation, bask, nest, or float.
2079	Quick Answer. A congregation refers to a group of alligators, where the smaller alligators are compliant to the biggest, most dominant alligator. A group of newly hatched alligators, or juveniles, is referred to as a pod.
2080	Answer by Gaines Fox. Confidence votes 66.2K. I started in telecommunications back when a crank on the phone had to be turned before asking the telephone operator to connect a call. A group of crocodiles is called a bask or a float, not to be confused with a group of alligators which is called a congregation.
2081	A congregation refers to a group of alligators, where the smaller alligators are compliant to the biggest, most dominant alligator. A group of newly hatched alligators, or juveniles, is referred to as a pod. Know More.
2082	Quora User, I'm here! The Denver International Airport or DIA located in Northeastern Denver, Colorado, USA is the largest international airport (by land size) in the United States and the third largest international airport in the world.
2083	The Denver International Airport (largest by land size) 1  The Denver International Airport or DIA located in Northeastern Denver, Colorado, USA is the largest international airport (by land size) in the United States and the third largest international airport in the world.
2084	The definition of world's busiest airport has been specified by the Airports Council International in Geneva, Switzerland. The ACI defines and measures the following three types of airport traffic: Passenger traffic: total passengers emplaned and deplaned, passengers in transit counted once.
2085	The largest airport in the world in terms of square footage is the King Fahd International Airport in Damman, Saudi Arabia. It covers 485 square miles! In terms of number of… passengers, Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta, Georgia is the largest/busiest in the world.
2086	What is the largest airport in size in the world? The largest airport in the world, taken literally by size, is the King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. At over eighty-one square miles, this airport is l…arger than most cities. The airport was built due to increasing air transport demand from international and local residents.
2087	3.2bn passengers went through the world's top 100 airports in 2011, 998m of them in Europe and another 989m in North America. The world's very biggest airports have seen big increases in passengers: Heathrow is up 5.1%, Atlanta (the world's biggest) is up 3.3% and Beijing is up 4.5%. The biggest increases came in the new global powerhouses: New Delhi (up 17.8% to 34.7m passengers), Rio (up 17%) up Xiamen in China (up 15.9%).
2088	Published on November 1, 2014 at 6:43 am by in Lists. Have you ever wonder where the biggest airports in the world are? Well, in order to satisfy your curiosity we have compiled a list of the largest airports worldwide. Since Wilbur and Orville Wright invented and built the first successful airplane at the beginning of the twentieth century, the relationship between humankind and the utopian desire of flying has come a long way.
2089	Not only it is one of the largest airports in the world but is also ranked among one of the busiest airports in the world. According to sources, Beijing Capital International Airport accounted 557,167 air craft landings and take offs, making it the busiest airport of the world in 2014.
2090	By: | August 26th, 2013. Denver International Airport is twice the size of Manhattan and is the second largest public works project in the world, second only to the Chunnel linking England and France. By land area, it is the largest US airport and third largest in the world. One hundred and ten million cubic yards ( yd.³) of earth were moved during the building of the project; this is equivalent to one third the amount of earth moved in building the Panama Canal.
2091	Though we did not rank airports by this means, we did include the figures for total passengers in the countdown just to illustrate the relatioship between area and traffic. You will see that busyness and size do not always correlate, and biggest airports in the world aren’t necessarily the busiest.
2092	Only Great Crested Newts have full legal protection, unfortunately Smooth and Palmate Newts do not. Further information. Of the widespread species of amphibian, only the Great Crested Newt is protected by law from intentional killing and injury; their habitats (including ponds and key foraging areas) are also protected.
2093	Smooth and Palmate Newts are only protected against sale/trade. In England, (under Section 41 of the Natural Environment and Rural Communities (NERC) Act 2006) all public bodies must have regard for Great Crested Newts (specifically under ‘biodiversity conservation’) when carrying our their functions.
2094	Color: Different species of the Newts are of different color. They come in green, blue, black, brown, yellow, red and even orange shades. Anatomy: They have teeth on both the jaws and possess external gills. Their limbs, spinal cord, heart, eyes, intestines, tail and both the jaws can regenerate.
2095	In Wales, Section 40(1) of the NERC Act 2006 places a new duty on every public authority, in exercising its functions, to ‘have regard, so far as is consistent with the proper exercise of those functions, to the purpose of conserving biodiversity’. The duty affects all public authorities.
2096	First published: Last updated: , see all updates. Part of: Wildlife and habitat conservation and Environmental management. Applies to: England. What you must do to avoid harming great crested newts and when you’ll need a licence.
2097	Life span of this family of amphibians varies from species to species. Their least life span can be 10 years and the longest can be 20 years. They tend to live longer in captivity, be it of any sub-species of the Newt family.
2098	Find out some fun and intriguing facts about this species of aquatic amphibians. 1  Japanese firebelly newts have been observed to reproduce their eye-lenses for about 18 times in a span of 16 years.
2099	Newts lay their eggs in freshwater. They prefer still water and generally don’t use streams and rivers as the eggs can wash away. They may use canals or pockets at the sides of slow-flowing streams. Newts depend on broad-leaved vegetation on which to lay their eggs and prefer fish-free ponds.
2100	The absolute aquatic Newts dwell in water, permanently. The semi-aquatic ones inhabit marshy areas having giddy atmosphere and easy access to water bodies nearby. They can be traced in gardens and parks with ponds or lakes close by.
2101	1 They are nocturnal in nature. 2  Some of the Newts are aquatic while some are terrestrial. 3  They are sensitive to human population and thus avoid residential areas. 4  These amphibians are not volatile in nature.
2102	New Rochelle, Profile. New Rochelle, , population 74,281, is located about 6.2 miles from Yonkers and 16.1 miles from Stamford. Through the 90's New Rochelle's population has grown by about 7%. It is estimated that in the first 5 years of the past decade the population of New Rochelle has grown by about 1%. Since 2005 New Rochelle's population has grown by about 1%. New Rochelle's property crime levels tend to be about the same as 's average level.
2103	In the early 20th century New Rochelle was home to one of the first movie studios in the country, Edwin Thanhouser's Thanhouser Film Corporation. 1  Originally located on the corner of Warren and Grove Street, the company moved to Main Street near Echo Avenue after a devastating fire in 1913.
2104	QuickFacts selected: New Rochelle city, New York. QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
2105	New Real Estate Listings In New Rochelle. 1  $1,165,00022 Verdun Ave4 Bed | 3 Bath | 3302 SqFt. 2  $665,000185 Pershing Ave5 Bed | 3 Bath | 1962 SqFt. 3  $799,000173 Highridge Rd4 Bed | 3 Bath | 2267 SqFt. 4  $169,90061 White Oak St APT 5F2 Bed | 1 Bath | 1000 SqFt. 5  $174,90061 White Oak St APT 2D2 Bed | 1 Bath | 1000 SqFt.
2106	According to our research of New York and other state lists there were 29 registered sex offenders living in New Rochelle, New York as of February 16, 2018. The ratio of number of residents in New Rochelle to the number of sex offenders is 2,703 to 1.
2107	New Rochelle, NY has a population of 79,027 people with a median age of 39.3 and a median household income of $70,036. Between 2014 and 2015 the population of New Rochelle, NY grew from 78,476 to 79,027, a 0.7% increase and its median household income grew from $68,270 to $70,036, a 2.59% increase. The population of New Rochelle, NY is 46.8% White, 28.3% Hispanic, and 17.6% Black.
2108	POPULATION BY SEX AND AGE : Total 2010 Census Population for NEW ROCHELLE, NY: 77,062: 100.0%: Under 5 years: 4,696: 6.1%: 5 to 9 years: 4,754: 6.2%: 10 to 14 years: 4,949: 6.4%: 15 to 19 years: 5,855: 7.6%: 20 to 24 years: 5,371: 7.0%: 25 to 29 years: 4,789: 6.2%: 30 to 34 years: 4,906: 6.4%: 35 to 39 years: 4,862: 6.3%: 40 to 44 years: 5,208: 6.8%: 45 to 49 years: 5,569: 7.2%: 50 to 54 years: 5,405: 7.0%: 55 to 59 years
2109	Average climate in New Rochelle, New York. Based on data reported by over 4,000 weather stations. Tornado activity: New Rochelle-area historical tornado activity is above New York state average. It is 41% smaller than the overall U.S. average.
2110	Also, measured against the state of New York, Population Change of 1.6%, New Rochelle is 76.1% larger. Looking at population density in Figure 5 New Rochelle indicates it has 7,662 population density which is the 3d most of all other places in the area. The next higher population density is Pelham village-NY is 10.1% larger with population density of 8,437.
2111	It's also a great way to stay in touch with the community and help everyone grow together! Welcome to Linwood Cycle Sales! Whatever the ride brings your way, whether it is wind, rain, snow, or mud, make sure you’re prepared with top products like motorcycles, snowmobiles, ATVs, and side x sides.
2112	Hotels Near Linwood, MI. Priceline can help you find great deals on high quality hotels near Linwood, MI. If you know when you're traveling to Linwood, MI, use the search box below to check prices and availability. For the deepest discounts, Name Your Own Price® for a Linwood hotel.
2113	EST (UTC-5) • Summer (DST) Linwood is a small unincorporated community in the northern portion of Bay County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is on the boundary between Fraser Township on the north and Kawkawlin Township on the south.
2114	Scott Kietzman has been in the taxidermy industry for over 19 years, but before taxidermy, he always had a deep love for the outdoors and hunting. Scott enjoys hunting everything from small game, to ducks, geese, deer, and bear, from his home state of Michigan.
2115	Linwood Taxidermy ® 182 N. 7 Mile Rd., Linwood, MI 48634. Linwood Taxidermy is a proud member of: Linwood Taxidermy is also a proud sponsor and the exclusive taxidermist of In The Crosshairs Hunting TV.. Linwood Taxidermy accepts major debit and credit cards.
2116	Information for whatever part of the real estate process you are interested in, from property information to the facts on the neighborhood, real estate market, and local schools. Find your Linwood property search simplified when you search on realtor.com®.
2117	Be sure to check out our current specials below, and check back often as our specials change regularly! Linwood Cycle Sales offers all of the latest parts and accessories for your ride from brands such as Polaris, Honda, KTM, and much more! Get what you need now by using our EZ-Shop and get back out there and ride.
2118	(989) 239-8801. Welcome to Linwood Taxidermy, one of Michigan's best licensed and fully insured taxidermists and meat processors. Located in Linwood, Michigan, in the heart of Michigan, Linwood Taxidermy's studio and processing center handles animals from local whitetail and brook trout to international safari hunts.
2119	Linwood, Michigan. Linwood is a small unincorporated community in the northern portion of Bay County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is on the boundary between Fraser Township on the north and Kawkawlin Township on the south.
2120	Welcome to Linwood Cycle Sales! Be Ready for Anything. Whatever the ride brings your way, whether it is wind, rain, snow, or mud, make sure you’re prepared with top products like motorcycles, snowmobiles, ATVs, and side x sides.
2121	Most premature babies who are born between 32 and 37 weeks do well after birth. If your baby does well after birth, his or her risk of disability is low. Babies most likely to have long-term disability are those who are born before 26 weeks or who are very small, 2.2 lb (1000 g) or less.
2122	Parenting in the NICU. A stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) is a key part of many premature babies' recoveries. But for parents, this busy, unfamiliar place can be intimidating. Ease your fears by learning exactly what to expect – from tests and treatments your baby will receive to how you can help.
2123	The duration of a pregnancy is measured by gestational age (or the amount of time elapsed since the first day of the last menstrual period). A normal gestation lasts 40 weeks or 279 days. If delivery occurs before 37 weeks gestation, the baby is considered prematurely born.
2124	Babies born early have their own set of challenges to face. And if you're parenting a preemie, you'll need specialized information on your baby's health, development, feeding, and care. You'll find all of that here, including our articles on premature babies and expert content from March of Dimes.
2125	Pregnancy normally lasts about 40 weeks. A baby born 3 or more weeks early is premature. Babies who are born closer to their due dates tend to have fewer problems than babies born earlier. But even those who are born late preterm (closer to 37 weeks) are at risk for problems. Doctors and nurses often call premature babies preemies..
2126	They can move more, although their movements may be jerky. A baby born at this time can grasp a finger. These babies can open their eyes, and they begin to stay awake and alert for short periods. Babies born at 28 to 31 weeks are at risk for medical complications. However, when complications occur, they may not be as severe as those of babies born earlier.
2127	Article Body. Premature birth occurs in about 11 to 13 percent of pregnancies in the US. Almost 60 percent of twins, triplets, and other multiple deliveries result in preterm births. A birth is considered “preterm” when a child is born before 37 weeks of pregnancy have been completed. Featured Article.
2128	Your preemie's special challenges. A premature or preterm baby is born before 37 complete weeks of pregnancy. Generally, the earlier a baby is born, the higher the risk of complications. At first, your premature baby might have little body fat and need help maintaining body heat. He or she might cry only softly and have trouble breathing. Feeding your preemie might be a challenge.
2129	Taking care of your preemie. Your preemie's special needs call for special care, probably in a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). In some cases, a premature baby needs to be transported to a hospital that can provide specialized care.
2130	Understanding Birth Weight. Birth weight can also indicate whether a baby is born prematurely. Babies born with a weight of less than 2,500 grams (about five and one-half pounds) are considered to have low birth weight. Generally, infants with a birth weight less than 2,500 grams are premature.
2131	Potential Murphy residents have an ample selection of homes and land buying opportunities to choose from, including stately log cabins that fit right into the rustic scenery and quaint bungalows that are just the right size for a couple or small family.
2132	Save this search & be the first to know when new listings hit the market! As the county seat of Cherokee County and the central crossroads of two major rivers, the Hiwassee and the Valley, Murphy enjoys a prominent place as the westernmost area in the state of North Carolina.
2133	Murphy is a town in Cherokee County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2005-2009 American Community Survey 5-year Estimate, the population was estimated at 1,956. According to the 2000 census, the population was 1,568.
2134	Residential MLS Listings. Let me help you find your dream home in the mountains of Murphy, North Carolina! Browse these Cherokee County, NC and Fannin County, Georgia real estate listings, or if you want to narrow down your search, search real estate listings. If you need help finding the right home for you, feel free to contact me.
2135	Murphy, NC Residential Properties. While all homes are residences, not all locations are - residential in Murphy, NC typically means the majority of buildings in the area are for housing, rather than industrial or commercial use. This means your neighbors are likely to be other families and not businesses.
2136	1 United States›. 2  North Carolina (NC)›. 3  North Carolina Mountains›. 4  Murphy›.  Things to Do in Murphy.
2137	Related: Homes for Sale in Murphy, NC. Sorted by Relevance Preferred Newest Listings Number of Photos Price (low to high) Price (high to low) Price Reduced Beds (more to less) Beds (less to more) Baths (more to less) Baths (less to more) Virtual Tours. 16 Photo. Beds: 3.
2138	Murphy is the county seat of Cherokee County and is the westernmost county seat in North Carolina. It is closer to the capitals of six other states (Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, South Carolina, Kentucky, and West Virginia) than to Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina. Murphy was named for North Carolina politician Archibald Murphey. The site of Murphy, along the Hiwassee River, was known to the Cherokee as Tlanusi-yi (the Leech Place), because of a legend about a giant leech named Tlanusi that lived in the river there.
2139	Homes for Sale in Murphy, NC. There are no nearby Cities listed. There are no nearby ZIP Codes listed. There are no nearby Neighborhoods listed. Nestled within the heart of the Blue Ridge mountains is Murphy, North Carolina, a place where visitors and residents alike share a deep sense of place and comfort rooted within the beautiful community.
2140	There are 1,978 real estate listings found in Murphy, NC. View our Murphy real estate area information to learn about the weather, local school districts, demographic data, and general information about Murphy, NC. Get in touch with a Murphy real estate agent who can help you find the home of your dreams in Murphy.
2141	1 doctor agreed: Rest, meds: There is not much you can do for bruised ribs you will need to rest until symptoms resolve and nsaids may help. Its good to get an xray to make sure you don't have a fracture which will obviously take 6-8 weeks to heal. ...Read more.
2142	Formerly NattyBoh74... yeah ribs are a b itch. they can hurt for months. and then when you think the pain is gone, you take a deep breath in and here comes the sharp pains again. rib injuries suck bad. Sore Ribs I am going on my fourth week of sore ribs after a hard fall. Of course I could have done things to improve the healing time ( like not repeating the fall three days after the original injury on a night ride) like ice ibupofrin. I took five days off the bike after that.
2143	April 19, 2012. You have 24 ribs (seven sets) that protect your internal organs and help you breathe. A direct blow to the chest can cause ribs to bruise, break, or separate from the breastbone. While bruised ribs are extremely painful, in most cases they heal completely. Medioimages/Photodisc / Thinkstock.
2144	I'm going on 3 months and still have pain when lying down but it's gradually getting better. I was riding again (carefully) within a week and after about a month my ribs didn't really interfere with anything I did (except for lying down). 11-30-2006 #6.
2145	Actually I wasn't posting for advice so much as asking if anyone with experience of a damaged rib could tell me how long I should expect it to take to heal. I have received some helpful advice, though, thanks EI, I will look up an osteo person and let you know how I get on! Sep 16, 2012. #10.
2146	In brief: Depends. It depends on the severity and whether there is a fracture involved, but it could be 6-8 weeks. In brief: Depends. It depends on the severity and whether there is a fracture involved, but it could be 6-8 weeks. 
2147	Broken or bruised ribs. Introduction. Broken (fractured) or bruised ribs are usually caused by a fall or blow to the chest, or occasionally by severe coughing. They can be very painful, but will normally improve within about three to six weeks. If you think you've injured your ribs, you'll often be able to look after yourself at home.
2148	The normal healing time for rib fractures/cracks is usually stated at a minimum of 6 weeks to a maximum of 6 months. Much depends on the general health of the person and specifically of their bones. Is it possible this person has osteoporosis or osteopenia?
2149	Quick Answer. It takes up to 3 to 6 weeks for a bruised rib to get better, as stated by the National Health Service. A person can use painkillers to treat the condition and an X-ray may not be necessary. However, injuries sustained from car accidents, fall from heights and crashes need medical attention. Continue Reading.
2150	How long for a cracked / bruised rib to heal? Discussion in 'Health and wellbeing' started by rustybug, Sep 15, 2012. Nearly 3 weeks ago I was knocked over very hard by a heavy dog running fast. My feet left the ground and I came down on the top left quarter of my back. I felt like I'd possibly cracked or bruised a rib - it hurt like crazy to breathe deeply, and sneezing made me actually almost cry.
2151	Part 2 of 3: Looking After a Moderately Sprained Wrist. 1. Take an over-the-counter medication. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatories (NSAIDs) such as ibuprofen, naproxen or aspirin can be short-term solutions to help you deal with significant pain or inflammation in your wrist.
2152	A sprained wrist is an injury to the ligaments that connect the small bones of the wrist (called carpal bones) together. The most common ligament injured in the wrist is the scapho-lunate ligament, which connects the scaphoid bone to the lunate bone.
2153	DESCRIPTION. A sprain is an injury to a ligament. Ligaments are the connective tissues that connect bones to bones; they could be thought of as tape that holds the bones together at a joint (see Figure 1). The most common ligament to be injured in the wrist is the scapho-lunate ligament (see Figure 2). It is the ligament between two of the small bones in the wrist, the scaphoid bone and the lunate bone. There are many other ligaments in the wrist, but they are less frequently injured. Sprains can have a wide range of severity; minor sprains may have minimal stretch of the ligaments, and more severe sprains may represent complete tears of the ligament(s).
2154	Wrist sprains have a wide range of severity depending on the degree of stretch or tearing to the ligament. The severity of your wrist sprain will dictate how you look after it at home or whether you need to see a health professional.
2155	Sprained wrist symptoms. Symptoms of a wrist sprain vary depending on the extent of the injury and the location of the sprain. Sudden pain in the wrist will be felt at the time of injury and in more severe wrist sprains a tearing or popping feeling may be felt.
2156	2. Ice your sprained wrist. The application of ice is an effective treatment for essentially all minor musculoskeletal injuries, including wrist sprains. Apply the ice to the most tender part of your wrist in order to reduce the swelling and pain.
2157	In order to heal a sprained wrist quickly, you must follow the RICE principle for sprains -- rest, ice, compression and elevation -- to facilitate healing so you can get back in the game again. Visit your doctor so she can look at the sprain and analyze its severity.
2158	Wrist sprain explained. A wrist sprain is quite a common injury, which usually occurs after a fall onto an outstretched hand. Other accidents or impacts can cause a sprained wrist, although it usually involves the wrist being bent either forwards or back. A sprained wrist doesn't usually occur as an overuse injury.
2159	Rest and immobilize your wrist for faster healing. A sprained wrist is a common fall-related injury, since you instinctively extend your hand and often land with your weight on your wrist. If you're an athlete, a sprained wrist can put a major wrench in your plans when you're taken out of the game for a few weeks.
2160	Wrist sprains can vary in severity. A mild or grade 1 wrist sprain may involve the ligament being stretched. Moderate or grade 2 injuries are partial tears of a ligament and severe grade 3 injuries are full ruptures of one or more ligaments. Grade 3 injuries may also involve an avulsion fracture where a fragment of bone is pulled off with the ligament.
2161	The Glycemic Index (GI) refers to the effect carbohydrates have on blood glucose. If the carbohydrate increases blood glucose by a large amount, it is considered a high glycemic index food.If, on the other hand, it increases blood glucose a small amount, it is a low glycemic index food.A carbohydrate's GI is determined by its rate of digestion and absorption in the body.For example, foods that have a high degree of soluble fiber, such as whole grains, have lower GI values.f the carbohydrate increases blood glucose by a large amount, it is considered a high glycemic index food. If, on the other hand, it increases blood glucose a small amount, it is a low glycemic index food.
2162	The Glycemic Index —or GI, for short—is a system that ranks foods by how they affect your blood sugar levels. Low-glycemic index foods (less than 55) produce a gradual rise in blood sugar levels that's easy on the body.Foods between 55 and 70 are intermediate-glycemic index foods.Foods with high-glycemic index numbers (more than 70) make blood sugar levels as well as insulin levels spike fast. We now realize that's a health threat.oods between 55 and 70 are intermediate-glycemic index foods. Foods with high-glycemic index numbers (more than 70) make blood sugar levels as well as insulin levels spike fast.
2163	The Glycemic Index: High GI vs Low GI. The glycemic index classifies carbs based on how quickly and how high they raise blood sugar levels when compared to pure glucose (sugar), although white bread is now used as the reference food in its place.ome common foods with a high GI rating include white bread, white rice, corn flakes, crackers and most sugary and/or highly processed snack foods. A carbohydrate with a low glycemic index (low GI) breaks down more slowly therefore causing a much slower and more gradual release of glucose into the bloodstream.
2164	Not all Carbohydrate foods are equal. The Glycemic Index (GI) is a relative ranking of carbohydrate in foods according to how they affect blood glucose levels.Carbohydrates with a low GI value (55 or less) are more slowly digested, absorbed and metabolised and cause a lower and slower rise in blood glucose and, therefore insulin levels.﻿ot all Carbohydrate foods are equal. The Glycemic Index (GI) is a relative ranking of carbohydrate in foods according to how they affect blood glucose levels.
2165	Quite simply: A carbohydrate with a high glycemic index (high GI) breaks down quickly during digestion and therefore releases glucose into the bloodstream rapidly. Some common foods with a high GI rating include white bread, white rice, corn flakes, crackers and most sugary and/or highly processed snack foods.A carbohydrate with a low glycemic index (low GI) breaks down more slowly therefore causing a much slower and more gradual release of glucose into the bloodstream.ome common foods with a high GI rating include white bread, white rice, corn flakes, crackers and most sugary and/or highly processed snack foods. A carbohydrate with a low glycemic index (low GI) breaks down more slowly therefore causing a much slower and more gradual release of glucose into the bloodstream.
2166	Purpose. The purpose of a glycemic index (GI) diet is to eat carbohydrate-containing foods that are less likely to cause large increases in blood sugar levels. The diet is a means to lose weight and prevent chronic diseases related to obesity such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. glycemic index diet is an eating plan based on how foods affect your blood sugar level. The glycemic index is a system of assigning a number to carbohydrate-containing foods according to how much each food increases blood sugar.
2167	The purpose of a glycemic index (GI) diet is to eat carbohydrate-containing foods that are less likely to cause large increases in blood sugar levels.The diet is a means to lose weight and prevent chronic diseases related to obesity such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. glycemic index diet is an eating plan based on how foods affect your blood sugar level. The glycemic index is a system of assigning a number to carbohydrate-containing foods according to how much each food increases blood sugar.
2168	The glycemic index or glycaemic index (GI) is a number associated with a particular type of food that indicates the food's effect on a person's blood glucose (also called blood sugar) level.he glycemic index or glycaemic index (GI) is a number associated with a particular type of food that indicates the food's effect on a person's blood glucose (also called blood sugar) level.
2169	Developed in 1981, the glycemic index reflects the extent to which carbohydrate-containing foods raise a person’s blood sugar and subsequent need for insulin. The idea is that low glycemic foods are better for health, warding off diabetes and weight gain, because the carbs they contain are digested at a slower rate.The dogma out there is that a high glycemic index is bad,” said Dr. Robert Eckel, a past president of the American Heart Association and a professor at the University of Colorado, who was not involved in the research. “I hope that ultimately the glycemic index will be left on the shelf.”.
2170	Glycemic index is a number. It gives you an idea about how fast your body converts the carbs in a food into glucose. Two foods with the same amount of carbohydrates can have different glycemic index numbers. The smaller the number, the less impact the food has on your blood sugar. 1  55 or less = Low (good).2  56- 69 = Medium. 3  70 or higher = High (bad).ring down the overall glycemic index of a meal by combining a high-glycemic index food with foods that have lower ones. Your age, how active you are, and how fast you digest food also affect how your body reacts to carbs.
2171	We refer to physical stressors--the tangible and measurable stressors -- as the tiger in your path: 1  accident/trauma. 2  alcohol in excess. 3  circadian light-dark cycle/rhythms. 4  food. 5  infection/virus. 6  injury. 7  medication. 8  seasonal change. 9  poison. 10  surgery. 11  temperature extremes. 12  tobacco. 13  toxin. 14  travel.
2172	A general term for any factor that increases a person’s mental or physical stress; virtually all stressors can be described as related to environment (e.g., inadequate housing) or personal (e.g., health related, sexual, social or related to work).
2173	Two broad categories of stressors. A stressor is anything that causes the release of stress hormones. There are two broad categories of stressors: Physiological (or physical) stressors and Psychological Stressors.
2174	Psychological stress occurs when you are under pressure or having difficulty coping with a situation or stimulus. Think of it as your emotional response to stressful events. The anxiety and incompetence that you felt as a result of receiving a 'D' on your midterm exam is an example of psychological stress.
2175	Stressor. A stimulus or event that provokes a stress response in an organism. Stressors can be categorized as acute or chronic, and as external or internal to the organism. Mentioned in: General Adaptation Syndrome.
2176	In today's fast-paced world, women are experiencing more stress at every stage of their lives than ever before. Juggling job pressures, family schedules, money issues, career and educational advancement and child and eldercare concerns are only a few of the common stressors confronting women.
2177	A HealthyWomen answered. Stressors are external events, including pressures in people's lives such as divorce, marriage, children, work and money. The experience of stress, however, is related to how you respond to these stressors. One person's stressor can be another person's motivator.
2178	TIPS. An easy way to remember the difference between the two categories of stressor is that absolutely everyone exposed to an absolute stressor will find it stressful. For a relative stressor, situations are relatively stressful only for some.
2179	Lesson Summary. Any event or stimulus that requires you to change in some way has the potential to cause stress. Psychological stress is what you feel when you are under pressure or having difficulty coping with a situation or stimulus. Psychological stressors are the things that cause psychological stress, and as far as we know, can only be experienced by human beings.
2180	stressor. A thing that ↑ mental or physical stress–eg, environment, housing, personal, sexual, social, work related. See Stress management Psychology A noxious physical or mental trigger that compromises mental function and control. See Stress.
2181	Anthropologists work in disaster areas, including Ground Zero in New York and the Gulf Coast in the aftermath of hurricane Katrina. Today there are four main career paths for anthropology graduates: Academic Careers. On campuses, in departments of anthropology, and in research laboratories, anthropologists teach and conduct research.
2182	Academic Careers. 1  On campuses, in departments of anthropology, and in research laboratories, anthropologists teach and conduct research. They spend a great deal of time preparing for classes, writing lectures, grading papers, working with individual students, composing scholarly articles, and writing books.
2183	Forensic anthropologists, in careers glamorized by Hollywood and popular novels, not only work with police departments to help identify mysterious or unknown remains but also work in university and museum settings. The federal government is one of the largest employers of anthropologists outside of academia. Possible career paths include: international development, cultural resource management, the legislative branch, forensic and physical anthropology, natural resource management, and defense and security sectors. Non-profit and Community-based Careers
2184	Credit hours needed: 47. Minor offered: Yes. The University of Nebraska at Omaha shall not discriminate based upon age, race, ethnicity, color, national origin, gender-identity, sex, pregnancy, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran's status, marital status, religion, or political affiliation. The Mathematics Department Degree Program. prepares students for employment in the private or. public sector, graduate school, and scientific research.
2185	Regardless of your career path, you will need usable skills and knowledge-true competence. To have a successful career, it is not sufficient simply to graduate, or even to graduate with very good grades. You must acquire marketable skills and knowledge, and find ways to demonstrate your strengths to others.
2186	In courses that teach skills and knowledge that will be useful in your career, you need to put in extra time and effort to acquire the competence you need to do your job. Most employers say they are looking for individuals who can. write clearly and precisely. speak articulately and persuasively.
2187	Instead of avoiding classes that require those skills, seek them out, and press the instructor to provide you with usable feedback about your performance. Make use of the Student Center for Academic Achievement[1]. They can help you improve all of those skills.
2188	Today's anthropologists do not just work in exotic locations. Anthropologists can be found in a surprising array of fields and careers, not least of which being mother-of-the-President of the United States of America.
2189	According to the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment of anthropologists and archaeologists is expected to grow four percent from 2014 to 2024. (US Department of Labor). The median pay for anthropologists and archaeologists in the United States was $61,220 in 2015.
2190	To achieve success in higher level jobs you also need. 1  the ability to read with a high level of comprehension. 2  the ability to think for yourself and to analyze and synthesize information. 3  the initiative to apply theories and methods you have learned to solve real-world problems.
2191	5 Stir fry chiles, garlic, ginger: When all of the beef is cooked, put the chiles and garlic into the pan and stir-fry 30-45 seconds. Add the julienned ginger and cook for 30-45 seconds more. 6 Add beef, cornstarch slurry, scallions: Add the beef back to the pan.
2192	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium skillet over medium heat, brown the ground beef; drain fat. In a medium mixing bowl, combine cream of mushroom soup, onion, milk, salt and pepper to taste. Alternately layer the potatoes, soup mixture and meat in a 11x7 inch (2 quart) baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until potatoes are tender.
2193	In this ginger beef stir fry we marinate strips of beef sirloin in a honey soy marinade, then quickly fry them in a hot pan with julienned ginger, red chilis, and sliced garlic. A cornstarch slurry helps keep the beef strips from drying out and helps create a tasty glaze over the meat.
2194	Chromium appears to make fish more susceptible to infection.CG2 Page 13 of 15 HEEF 25-C Chemwatch Material Safety Data Sheet (REVIEW) Revision No: 2 Chemwatch 85186 Issue Date: 13-Feb-2004 CD 2005/4 human exposure to the material and the development of cancer.e.
2195	Procedures: 1  You can slice or julienne the beef, this is entirely up to you. 2  Cut the broccoli into small individual florets. 3  Heat up a wok with oil, stir fry the ginger and garlic first then add beef and stir-fry for 1 minute.  Wash the wok and dry 1  it. Stir in potato starch water and cook for 20 seconds.
2196	By continuing to browse our website you are in agreement with our Cookies Policy. Our website uses cookies in order to provide you with a better experience. Continue to use this site as normal if you're happy with this. Click here to view our Cookies Policy.
2197	Marinade. 1  2 Tbsp unseasoned rice vinegar. 2  5 Tbsp soy sauce (use gluten-free soy sauce if cooking gluten-free) 3  1 Tbsp honey.  1 Tbsp peeled, grated fresh 1  ginger. 1 teaspoon chile pepper flakes.  1 teaspoon ground cumin.
2198	Heat up a wok with oil, stir fry the ginger and garlic first then add beef and stir-fry for 1 minute. Remove it from the wok and place aside. Wash the wok and dry it. Heat up a little bit of oil and stir fry the broccoli for 20 seconds then add the beef back in the wok and keep stir fry for further 30 seconds. Stir in potato starch water and cook for 20 seconds. Add salt to taste and it’s ready to serve. This dish is great to serve with hot white rice.
2199	The contents of such impervious containers must be identified with suitable labels.CG2 Page 9 of 15 HEEF 25-C Chemwatch Material Safety Data Sheet (REVIEW) Revision No: 2 Issue Date: 13-Feb-2004 Chemwatch 85186 CD 2005/4 EYE Chemical goggles. or long-sleeved shirt and pants).
2200	Perform CPR if necessary.CG2 Page 3 of 15 HEEF 25-C Chemwatch Material Safety Data Sheet (REVIEW) Revision No: 2 Chemwatch 85186 Issue Date: 13-Feb-2004 CD 2005/4 Never give liquid to a person showing signs of being sleepy or with reduced awareness.
2201	Massachusetts and Connecticut rank first and second, respectively, for having the lowest divorce rates in the nation, according to new 1994 divorce data from the National Center for Health Statistics. Both states experienced a moderate drop in divorce rates between 1992 and 1994 to remain at the top of the list.
2202	Nevada is known for being the most divorce-happy state, but Nevadans are hardly alone in calling it quits on their marriages. The map below shows the states with the highest percentage of residents who identify as divorced -- and though Nevada comes out on top (13.9 percent), Maine isn't too far behind with 13.5 percent.
2203	Weekly Quiz Challenge! Take the Statistic Brain Film Quiz and see just how much you know about the movie industry. Just 10 short questions.... Click Here to Play.
2204	Variables that may affect rates of divorce include: 1  race/ethnicity. 2  importance of religion to the couple. 3  divorce in family of origin.  timing of the first birth of any children (before marriage, within 7 months, after 7 months, or 1  never) if one spouse has Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
2205	As of 2011, there were approximately 4.4 divorces occurring per 1,000 residents in Colorado. In comparison, the divorce rate used to be ate 5.5 in 1990. This improvement shouldn't be purely taken as a sign of marital steadiness though.
2206	Massachusetts fell from 2.8 in 1992 to 2.4 in 1994, while Connecticut fell from 3.1 to 2.8. Nevada once again had the highest divorce rate in the country, even though it experienced the most marked drop in divorce rates during the two-year period. Nevada fell from 11.4 in 1992 to 9.0 in 1994. The divorce rate per 1,000 population for the entire United States was 4.6 in 1994, down from 4.8 in 1992.
2207	In 2002 (latest survey data as of 2012), 29% of first marriages among women aged 15–44 were disrupted (ended in separation, divorce or annulment) within 10 years. Beyond the 10-year window, population survey data is lacking, but forecasts and estimates provide some understanding.
2208	The National Center for Health Statistics reports that from 1975 to 1988 in the US, in families with children present, wives file for divorce in approximately two-thirds of cases. In 1975, 71.4% of the cases were filed by women, and in 1988, 65% were filed by women.
2209	Colorado Ranks in Top 10 States for Divorce. Posted on Jan 29, 2015 2:59pm PST. In a recent article published by Westword, the top 10 states leading the way in divorce were ranked. Colorado made it on this list.
2210	1. Crude Divorce Rate. This number refers to the number of divorces per 1,000 people in a population. The crude annual divorce rate is currently around 3.6 divorces for every 1,000 people in the US, regardless of age. The age-adjusted crude divorce rate is currently thirteen divorces for every 1,000 people age fifteen and older.
2211	Clay roof tile has been used for centuries worldwide and for good reason. Both clay roof tile and its modern partner, concrete, are not only beautiful but also extremely durable. With proper building design and installation, tile roofs can last 50 to 100 years or more. They do not rot in wet climates and are not susceptible to destruction by pests. They can be used in any climate or region and can withstand the severest weather conditions, including fire, wind, and snow.
2212	Rating Newest Oldest. Best Answer: About 15-20 years for the standard asphalt shingles. You can pay more to get some that are supposed to last longer though. I live in Florida too and we replaced our roof when it was about 16 1/2 years old. It also depends on if there is a lot of debris on your roof, or if you keep it cleaned off. If there is a lot of debris up there it keeps the shingles wet after it rains and they will deteriorate faster.
2213	heres the honest answer: A 20 yr. asphault/fiberglass shingle in so. florida will last 12-14 years, i dosent matter where you live 20 yr, shingles doesnt last 20 years. A`30 year will not last 30 years. Go with a metal roof, more bang for the buck, lots if choices.
2214	Roofs: Slate, copper and tile roofs can last more than 50 years. Homeowners with wood shake roofs should expect them to last about 30 years, while fiber cement shingles last about 25 years and asphalt shingle/composition roofs last about 20 years, the NAHB found. Climate and weather conditions, such as snow, hail and hurricanes, can cut the life span of all types of roofs.
2215	Decks: Because of weather, the life span of a deck varies. In optimal conditions, a wood deck can last 20 years, the NAHB study found. A deck can last 20 to 25 years in dry areas, but is likely to last only 10 to 15 years in the South, where there is more rain and humidity.
2216	Metal roofing materials can last for decades without degrading in appearance or function. The oldest metal roofs in the world are over 120 years old and are still in fairly good condition. Paint and anti-rust technologies increase a metal roof’s lifespan drastically and make metallic roofs an excellent long-term investment. Residential metal roofs typically have a rated lifespan of 50 years or more. This is outstanding compared to the 15-year average lifespan of other materials.
2217	Metal Roof Lifespan. Ultimately, m etal roofs are excellent long-lasting options with excellent and low maintenance needs. When you buy a new metal roof, you will probably be buying the last roof that your home ever needs.
2218	Floors: Wood floors last 100 years or more, as do marble and slate floors if they are maintained well. Tile floors can last 75 to 100 years, and terrazzo lasts more than 75 years. Linoleum lasts about 25 years and vinyl up to 50 years, while laminate floors have a life expectancy of 15 to 25 years. Most carpet needs to be replaced every eight to 10 years, even if it’s maintained well.
2219	Metal roofing prices are fairly low, and many homeowners are considering metal roofs as a long-lasting, great-looking option that improves home energy consumption. If you’re considering metal roofing, you might wonder how long metal roofs last and what type of maintenance your new roof will require.
2220	However, both concrete and clay tile outlast most other roofing materials, with manufacturers offering warranties of 50 years or more. In fact, in Asia and Europe, many structures with clay roof tiles have remained not simply intact but also functional and beautiful for centuries.
2221	Population of Onslow County Last official estimated population of Onslow County was 179,563 (year 2014) [1]. This was 0.056% of total US population and 1.8% of total North Carolina state population.
2222	Onslow County, NC has a population of 183,753 people with a median age of 26.1 and a median household income of $46,335. Between 2014 and 2015 the population of Onslow County, NC grew from 182,921 to 183,753, a 0.45% increase and its median household income grew from $46,141 to $46,335, a 0.42% increase. The population of Onslow County, NC is 67.3% White, 14.8% Black, and 11.6% Hispanic.
2223	The population percent change for all areas for 2010 to 2016 is shown in Figure 4 and for Onslow County indicates it has 4.5% Population Change which is the 3d most of all other counties in the area. Comparing Population Change to the United States average of 3.2%, Onslow County is 41.3% larger.
2224	14.6% of the population in Onslow County, NC (170,347 people) live below the poverty line, a number that is approximately the same as the national average of 14.7%. The largest demographic living in poverty is Female 25-34, followed by Female 18-24 and then Male < 5.
2225	Wage by Gender for Common Jobs. 1  Showing data for North Carolina. 2  Showing data for North Carolina. 3  The closest comparable wage GINI for Onslow County, NC is from North Carolina. 4  Use the dropdown to filter by race/ethnicity. 5  For anonymity, the ACS 1-year estimate groups occupations by course parent groupings.
2226	Population of Onslow County. Last official estimated population of Onslow County was 179,563 (year 2014) [1]. This was 0.056% of total US population and 1.8% of total North Carolina state population. Area of Onslow County is 905.9 mi² (=2346.3 km²), in this year population density was 198.21 p/mi². If population growth rate would be same as in period 2010-2014 (+0.25%/yr), Onslow County population in 2018 would be 181,372 .
2227	In 2015, the census tract with the highest Median Household Income in Onslow County, NC was Census Tract 014 with a value of $62,331, followed by Census Tract 004.03 and Census Tract 004.01, with respective values of $60,585 and $57,500.
2228	In 2015, the census tract with the highest Median Household Income in Onslow County, NC was Census Tract 014 with a value of $62,331, followed by Census Tract 004.03 and Census Tract 004.01. The following map shows all of the census tracts in Onslow County, NC colored by their Median Household Income.
2229	Also, compared to the state of North Carolina, Population Change of 4.3%, Onslow County is only about 5.6% larger. Looking at population density in Figure 5 Onslow County shows it has 244 population density which is the 2nd most of all the counties in the area.
2230	14.6% of the population in Onslow County, NC (170,347 people) live below the poverty line, which is approximately the same as the national average of 14.7%. The largest group living in porverty is Female 25-34, followed by Female 18-24 and then Male < 5.
2231	Your ending point United States, Grand Canyon is located at (36.0544, -112.139). Total distance from Yellowstone National Park to Grand Canyon is 957.42 kms. 957.42 kms equals to 594.92 miles and 516.63 nautical miles.
2232	Your starting point United States, Yellowstone National Park is located at (44.5678, -110.441). Your ending point United States, Grand Canyon is located at (36.0544, -112.139). Total distance from Yellowstone National Park to Grand Canyon is 957.42 kms. 957.42 kms equals to 594.92 miles and 516.63 nautical miles.
2233	The total driving distance from Grand Canyon to Yellowstone National Park is 887 miles or 1 427 kilometers.
2234	Driving distance from Grand Canyon to Yellowstone National Park. The total driving distance from Grand Canyon to Yellowstone National Park is 887 miles or 1 427 kilometers. Your trip begins in Grand Canyon, Arizona. It ends in West Yellowstone, Wyoming.
2235	Driving distance from Grand Canyon to Yellowstone National Park. The total driving distance from Grand Canyon to Yellowstone National Park is 887 miles or 1 427 kilometers. Your trip begins in Grand Canyon, Arizona.
2236	Total distance from Yellowstone National Park to Grand Canyon is 957.42 kms. 957.42 kms equals to 594.92 miles and 516.63 nautical miles. Latest Searched Country Distances: Bolivia and United States | Czech Republic and Latvia | India and Thailand | Norway and Greece | United States and Sudan |.
2237	Your ending point United States, Grand Canyon is located at (36.0544, -112.139). Total distance from Yellowstone National Park to Grand Canyon is 957.42 kms.
2238	The total driving distance from Grand Canyon to Yellowstone National Park is 887 miles or 1 427 kilometers. Your trip begins in Grand Canyon, Arizona. It ends in West Yellowstone, Wyoming.
2239	The distance from the north edge of Grand Teton National Park to the south entrance of Yellowstone National Park is 6.6 miles. The distance from Moran Junction in Grand Teto … n National Park to West Thumb in Yellowstone National Park is 48.6 miles.
2240	Your trip begins in Grand Canyon, Arizona. It ends in West Yellowstone, Wyoming. If you are planning a road trip, you might also want to calculate the total driving time from Grand Canyon to Yellowstone National Park so you can see when you'll arrive at your destination.
2241	The Agaricus Blazei Murill Mushroom. Over 500,000 people have turned to the Agaricus blazei mushroom to support a healthy immune system in order to fight off minor and major health challenges.
2242	Cultivation of Agaricus Blazei. This mushroom was first identified to modern science in 1917 from a specimen found in Louisiana by the mycologist R. Murrill. It has been found on the grasslands of Florida and South Carolina, but is generally thought to be extremely rare in nature.
2243	This sounds far-fetched to me. Agaricus blazei, sometimes called Agaricus blazei Murrill, is a medicinal mushroom known in Japan as himematsutake; in Brazil, where much of the world’s supply is grown, as cogumelo do sol or medicinel; and in the United States as the almond portobello or Royal Sun Agaricus.
2244	The mushroom was found to be rich in immune-modulating substances such as β-glucans and proteoglycans, and presented anti-infection and anti-tumor effects in animal studies. Currently, Agaricus blazei Murill remains under intense investigation, and the results are published in major scientific journals.
2245	– March 17, 2014. Agaricus blazei, sometimes called Agaricus blazei Murrill, is a medicinal mushroom known in Japan as himematsutake; in Brazil, where much of the world’s supply is grown, as cogumelo do sol or medicinel; and in the United States as the almond portobello or Royal Sun Agaricus.
2246	Why choose Atlas World’s Agaricus blazei. Atlas World’s patented strain of Agaricus blazei Murill (H1X1), was developed by expert mycologists. H1X1 is the product of two parent strains, one cultivated in northern California known as SBRFG, and another parent strain cultivated in Japan known as I-101.
2247	Agaricus subrufescens forms fruitbodies singly or in clusters in leaf litter in rich soil, often in domestic habitats. Originally described from the northeastern United States and Canada, it has been found growing in California, Hawaii, Great Britain, the Netherlands, Taiwan, Philippines and Brazil.
2248	Agaricus subrufescens (syn. Agaricus blazei, Agaricus brasiliensis or Agaricus rufotegulis) is a species of mushroom, commonly known as almond mushroom, mushroom of the sun, God's mushroom, mushroom of life, royal sun agaricus, jisongrong or himematsutake (Chinese: 杏仁松茸, Japanese: 姫まつたけ, princess matsutake) and by a number of other names.
2249	The history of Agaricus blazei Murill is tightly linked to the mountain village Piedade, located within the Atlantic rain forest, about one hundred kilometers west of São Paulo, Brazil. Agaricus blazei Murill was originally found in Piedade, a small village located in the mountainous region of Sao Paulo, Brazil.
2250	Agaricus subrufescens was first described by the American botanist Charles Horton Peck in 1893. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, it was cultivated for the table in the eastern United States. It was discovered again in Brazil during the 1970s, and misidentified as Agaricus blazei Murrill, a species originally described from Florida.
2251	Delivery When You Have Gestational Diabetes. When you’re delivering your baby, the doctor will watch your blood glucose level. If your level goes too high during labor, the baby may release more insulin in response. That increases the risk of the baby developing low blood glucose (hypoglycemia) after birth.
2252	Gestational Diabetes. Abnormal maternal glucose regulation occurs in 3-10% of pregnancies, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as glucose intolerance of variable degree with onset or first recognition during pregnancy, accounts for 90% of cases of diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy.
2253	Gestational diabetes sometimes develops when a woman is pregnant. It’s when the blood glucose level (blood sugar level) of the mother goes too high during pregnancy. Having an elevated blood glucose level during pregnancy can cause problems for your baby—if it’s left untreated.
2254	High blood glucose, also called blood sugar, can harm your baby during the first weeks of pregnancy, even before you know you are pregnant. If you have diabetes and are already pregnant, see your doctor as soon as possible to make a plan to manage your diabetes.
2255	Diabetes and Pregnancy. Diabetes is often diagnosed in women during their childbearing years and can affect the health of both the mother and her unborn child. Poor control of diabetes during pregnancy increases the chances for birth defects and other problems for the baby. It can cause serious complications for the woman, also.
2256	Gestational diabetes happens when your body can't make enough insulin during pregnancy. Insulin is a hormone made in your pancreas, an organ located behind your stomach. Insulin helps your body use glucose for energy and helps control your blood glucose levels.
2257	Without enough insulin, you can build up too much glucose in your blood, leading to a higher-than-normal blood glucose level and perhaps gestational diabetes. The elevated blood glucose level in gestational diabetes is caused by hormones released by the placenta during pregnancy.
2258	Gestational diabetes is a type of diabetes that develops only during pregnancy. Diabetes means your blood glucose, also called blood sugar, is too high. Your body uses glucose for energy. Too much glucose in your blood is not good for you or your baby. Gestational diabetes is usually diagnosed during late pregnancy.
2259	Hormonal and other changes in your body during pregnancy affect your blood glucose levels, so you might need to change how you manage your diabetes. Even if you’ve had diabetes for years, you may need to change your meal plan, physical activity routine, and medicines.
2260	Pregnancy if You Have Diabetes. If you have diabetes and plan to have a baby, you should try to get your blood glucose levels close to your target range before you get pregnant. Staying in your target range during pregnancy, which may be different than when you aren’t pregnant, is also important.
2261	This occurs because you don't receive adequate stimulation to the bone without a tooth root. The same occurs with dentures that are not implant-supported. The longer you wait to get dental implants, the more likely it is that your jawbone may lack the integrity to get implants in the future without a dental bone graft. If you are in London and looking for a dental implant specialist then Pro Dental Clinic London is place best for you.
2262	People get dental implants due to many reasons. A few of the reasons are given below: Better appearance. Though artificial, but dental implants look like your own teeth. They become permanent as they are designed in a way to get fuse with bone. Improve verbal communication.
2263	Reasons to Consider Dental Implants as your Tooth Replacement Option:-. 1. Stop your teeth from shifting into the empty space - When you lose a tooth, the surrounding teeth will eventually begin moving to fill in the space. This can cause a number of dental complications.
2264	A dental implant restores the lost tooth so that it looks same and functions like a natural tooth. It allows you to stop worry and enjoy life. Dr. Anil Yadav will explain why do people get dental implants. You can watch more content on Health related issues and also talk to the doctors and consult the doctor online on your phone only on SYMPLER.
2265	If you need an MRI, you may first need a simple procedure to briefly take out the magnet in the cochlear implant. But more medical facilities can do these imaging tests without removing the magnet. There’s also a type of cochlear implant that has a magnet you don't need to take out in order to have an MRI.
2266	How do I know if the implant is a good choice for me? If you have severe or profound hearing loss, a team of experts at a cochlear implant center can help you decide if the device and surgery will work for you.
2267	As commonly, once a tooth is removed from the oral cavity, it can’t be replaced naturally. So In dental implant mechanism, dentist place artificial tooth into the vacant oval cavity . If you want to read in detail about Dental Implants you may visit this page Dental Implants and Dental Care in Austin, TX .
2268	If you're very hard of hearing or deaf, a cochlear implant may help you get back the sounds you miss. It isn't a hearing aid, which makes sounds louder. It’s a small device that a doctor puts in your ear through surgery.
2269	Thus, to avoid the embarrassment of going about with a missing tooth, people get a dental implant. And there are many, many benefits to having a dental implant. Asides, the cosmetic benefits of a dental implant, you get to smile more graciously. For aesthetic purpose. Dental implants add color to people’s face.
2270	Some parts of the device can get damaged if they get wet. You need to take off the speech processor before you bathe, shower, or swim. You also can cover that part with a waterproof case or choose a waterproof cochlear implant processor.
2271	Reference Range. Antimicrobial susceptibility tests are used to determine which specific antibiotics a particular bacteria or fungus is sensitive to. Most often, this testing complements a Gram stain and culture, the results of which are obtained much sooner. Antimicrobial susceptibility tests can guide the physician in drug choice and dosage for difficult-to-treat infections.
2272	A culture that is reported as no growth in 24 or 48 hours usually indicates that there is no infection. If the symptoms persist, however, a urine culture may be repeated on another sample to look for the presence of bacteria at lower colony counts or other microorganisms that may cause these symptoms.
2273	Culture and sensitivity, commonly abbreviated as C&S, is a laboratory test used to determine the presence and type of bacteria in an infection and determine the antibiotics most likely to be effective in killing the bacteria in the dog or other animal.
2274	No. You have to take the specimen, take it to the lab, and in the lab they culture it, isolate it and tell you what the identity is based on a gram stain, morphology, biochemical profile (whether it produces oxygen or what) and so forth. Here’s an actual clinical report with discussion below it.
2275	The urine culture is used to diagnose a urinary tract infection (UTI) and to identify the bacteria or yeast causing the infection. It may be done in conjunction with susceptibility testing to determine which antibiotics will inhibit the growth of the microbe causing the infection.
2276	The sample submitted for culture can be urine, blood, body fluids, pus, discharge or tissue. The sensitivity test follows the culture. Once the bacteria have been grown and isolated in a culture medium, they are tested against different antibiotics to determine which drug(s) is likely to be effective.
2277	Culture and Sensitivity – “C & S”. Culture: You send a specimen to the lab and the labs job is to tell you what the organism is, a definitive ID based on gram stain, morphology and biochemical profile. Susceptibility: The lab also gives you the info on the antibiotic susceptibilities to know how to treat it.
2278	Back to TopAlternative Names. Antibiotic sensitivity testing; Antimicrobial susceptibility testing. Back to TopHow the Test Is Performed. After the culture (sample) is collected from a person, it is sent to a lab. There, the samples are put in special containers to grow the microorganisms (germs) from the collected samples.
2279	Results of a urine culture are often interpreted in conjunction with the results of a urinalysis and with regard to how the sample was collected and whether symptoms are present.
2280	Antibiotic sensitivity testing; Antimicrobial susceptibility testing. After the culture (sample) is collected from a person, it is sent to a lab. There, the samples are put in special containers to grow the microorganisms (germs) from the collected samples. Colonies of microorganisms are combined with different antibiotics to see how well each antibiotic stops each colony from growing.
2281	The National Flag. 1  The state flag of Turkmenistan is a straight dark green with a vertical red stripe on the left, at the flagstaff, comprising five basic carpet patterns in the vertical order. The green background has a crescent and five five pointed white stars in the upper left corner.
2282	U.S. Embassy Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. U.S. Embassy Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Overview. President George H.W. Bush extended recognition to Turkmenistan in 1991 after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Since the break-up of the Soviet Union, the United States has sought closer relations with Turkmenistan.
2283	Last modified: 2015-05-24 by victor lomantsov. Keywords: turkmenistan | turkmen | asia | commonwealth of independent states | crescent | star | five | national ornamentation | carpet |. Links: FOTW homepage | search | disclaimer and copyright | write us | mirrors.
2284	Details for visitors on how to apply for a visa to the United States. Emergency services, passport guidance, and federal benefits details for U.S. citizens in Turkmenistan. Study in the U.S. Guidance on studying in the United States, exchange programs, and English language learning.
2285	The most recent job postings from the U.S. Embassy in Turkmenistan. Information on doing business in the United States and in Turkmenistan. Press releases, speeches, news, and video content regarding the U.S. and Turkmenistan.
2286	State symbols of Turkmenistan. The National Flag. The state flag of Turkmenistan is a straight dark green with a vertical red stripe on the left, at the flagstaff, comprising five basic carpet patterns in the vertical order. The green background has a crescent and five five pointed white stars in the upper left corner.
2287	Turkmenistan, Turkmen Türkmenistan, country of Central Asia. It is the second largest state in Central Asia, after Kazakhstan, and the southernmost of the region’s five republics. The country is bordered by Kazakhstan on the northwest, Uzbekistan on the north and east, Afghanistan on the southeast, Iran on the south, and the Caspian Sea on the west. After Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan is the least densely populated of the Central Asian states.
2288	U.S. Recognition of Turkmenistan, 1991. The United States recognized Turkmenistan’s independence on December 25, 1991, when President George H.W. Bush announced the decision in an address to the nation regarding the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Turkmenistan previously had been a constituent republic of the USSR.
2289	The U.S. Embassy alerts all Turkmenistan citizens and residents interested in work, travel, and exchange opportunities in the United States of malicious scams recently propagated….
2290	U.S. Embassy Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. President George H.W. Bush extended recognition to Turkmenistan in 1991 after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Since the break-up of the Soviet Union, the United States has sought closer relations with Turkmenistan.
2291	Pseudomonas infection is caused by strains of bacteria found widely in the environment; the most common type causing infections in humans is called Pseudomonas aeruginosa. For more images of this bacterium, search the Public Health Image Library.
2292	Urinary tract infections (UTIs) are one of the most common infectious diseases, and nearly 10% of people will experience a UTI during their lifetime.
2293	Bacteria, singular bacterium, Streptococcus pyogenes© S. Lowry—University of Ulster—Stone/Getty Imagesany of a group of microscopic single-celled organisms that live in enormous numbers in almost every environment on Earth, from deep-sea vents to deep below Earth’s surface to the digestive tracts of humans.
2294	Members of these two prokaryotic domains are as different from one another as they are from eukaryotic cells. Prokaryotic cells (i.e., Bacteria and Archaea) are fundamentally different from the eukaryotic cells that constitute other forms of life. Prokaryotic cells are defined by a much simpler design than is found in eukaryotic cells.
2295	cell: typical cellsEncyclopædia Britannica, Inc.All living organisms on Earth are made up of one of two basic types of cells: eukaryotic cells, in which the genetic material is enclosed within a nuclear membrane, or prokaryotic cells, in which the genetic material is not separated from the rest of the cell.
2296	Substantial portions of the ribonucleic acid (RNA) copy of the genetic information (deoxyribonucleic acid, or DNA) are discarded, and the remaining messenger RNA (mRNA) is substantially modified before it is translated into protein.
2297	What types of infections does Pseudomonas aeruginosa cause? Serious Pseudomonas infections usually occur in people in the hospital and/or with weakened immune systems. Infections of the blood, pneumonia, and infections following surgery can lead to severe illness and death in these people. However, healthy people can also develop mild illnesses with Pseudomonas aeruginosa, especially after exposure to water.
2298	A specimen was considered positive for UTI if a single organism was cultured at a concentration of ≥105 cfu/ml, or when a single organism was cultured at a concentration of 104 cfu/ml and ≥5 leukocytes per high-power field were observed on microscopic examination of the urine.
2299	The results show that the antimicrobial resistance patterns of the causes of UTI are highly variable and continuous surveillance of trends in resistance patterns of uropathogens is important.
2300	An accurate and prompt diagnosis of UTI is important in shortening the disease course and for preventing the ascent of the infection to the upper urinary tract and renal failure. 6. Treatment of UTI cases is often started empirically.
2301	/usr/share/openldap/migration/migrate_groups.pl /etc/openldap/groups.txt /etc/openldap/groups.ldif After I imported users, and groups, I used phpldapadmin to import shadow passwords. I opened /etc/shadow and copied the password field:
2302	There are many different ways to provide a directory service. Different methods allow different kinds of information to be stored in the directory, place different requirements on how that information can be referenced, queried and updated, how it is protected from unauthorized access, etc.
2303	Convert passwd.file to ldif (LDAP Data Interchange Format) file. [root@ldap ~]# /usr/share/openldap/migration/migrate_passwd.pl /etc/openldap/passwd.root /etc/openldap/root.ldif. [root@ldap ~]# /usr/share/openldap/migration/migrate_passwd.pl /etc/openldap/passwd.test1 /etc/openldap/test1.ldif. [root@ldap ~]# ....
2304	Most of the time, though, LDAP is used to search for information in the directory. The LDAP search operation allows some portion of the directory to be searched for entries that match some criteria specified by a search filter.
2305	Global services are usually distributed, meaning that the data they contain is spread across many machines, all of which cooperate to provide the directory service. Typically a global service defines a uniform namespace which gives the same view of the data no matter where you are in relation to the data itself.
2306	Software: OS-Cent OS 4.4, openldap 2.2.13-6.4E. System name: ldap.adminmart.com. Domain name: adminmart.com. System IP: 192.168.1.212. Note: Use your domain name and IP instead of adminmart. Easy steps for adding users: 1. Create unix user. 2. Create unix user's ldap passwd file. 3. Convert passwd.file to ldif file.
2307	Figure 1.1: LDAP directory tree (traditional naming). The tree may also be arranged based upon Internet domain names. This naming approach is becoming increasing popular as it allows for directory services to be located using the DNS. Figure 1.2 shows an example LDAP directory tree using domain-based naming.
2308	A directory is a specialized database specifically designed for searching and browsing, in additional to supporting basic lookup and update functions. Note: A directory is defined by some as merely a database optimized for read access.
2309	OpenLDAP is a widely used LDAP server in Linux environments. It can do a lot of things for all sorts of needs. Whilst Samba, running in 'classic' mode, can use it as a storage backend for accounts and mappings from Windows (TM) SIDs to unix UID/GID, it cannot be used if Samba is running as an AD DC. OpenLDAP can also be used to control mail delivery and other things.
2310	This tutorial describes how to install and configure an OpenLDAP server and also an OpenLDAP client.
2311	In a report published in the New England Journal of Medicine, researchers found that the brains of autistic children showed differences in certain regions that normally develop in the second trimester of pregnancy.
2312	After that, your appetite should return, and will probably grow. Although food is looking much more appetizing, be aware of how much you're eating. You only need about an extra 300 to 500 calories a day during the second trimester, and you should be gaining about 1/2 to 1 pound a week.
2313	Pregnancy is typically broken into three periods, or trimesters, each of about three months. Each trimester is defined as 14 weeks, for a total duration of 42 weeks, although the average duration of pregnancy is 40 weeks.
2314	The second trimester is, for many women, the easiest three months of pregnancy. Take the time now, while you're feeling better and your energy is up, to start planning for your baby's arrival. During the second trimester, your baby is growing quickly. Between your 18th and 22nd week of pregnancy you'll have an ultrasound so your doctor can see how your baby is progressing. You also can learn the sex of your baby, unless you'd rather be surprised.
2315	Still, the trimesters of pregnancy can be a very useful “shorthand” of sorts that we can use to talk about the symptoms and the progress of pregnancy. The first trimester starts with conception, and concludes roughly 13 or 14 weeks later. The second trimester begins when the first trimester of pregnancy ends. The second trimester of pregnancy begins at around 14 weeks of pregnancy. The second trimester will last for another 13 or 14 weeks, at which point the third trimester will begin. So, the second trimester encompasses the middle part of your pregnancy, and will lst from around the third month to around the sixth month of pregnancy.
2316	Around the middle of the second trimester, movement of the fetus may be felt. At 28 weeks, more than 90% of babies can survive outside of the uterus if provided high-quality medical care. The third trimester is from 29 weeks through 40 weeks. Prenatal care improves pregnancy outcomes.
2317	Working with autopsy brains of 11 children with autism and 11 children without the disorder who were between the ages of two and 15 years, the scientists focused on 25 genes responsible for specific nerve cell types in the outer layer for the brain, what’s known as the cortex.
2318	The fertilized egg then travels down the fallopian tube and attaches to the inside of the uterus, where it begins to form the fetus and placenta. The first trimester carries the highest risk of miscarriage (natural death of embryo or fetus). The second trimester is from week 13 through 28.
2319	Therefore, during a second pregnancy a woman would be described as gravida 2, para 1 and upon live delivery as gravida 2, para 2. In-progress pregnancies, abortions, miscarriages and/ or stillbirths account for parity values being less than the gravida number.
2320	A new report shows the brains of autistic children, who suffer from the disorder tied to a combination of contributing factors from genes to the environment, have differences in regions that develop during the mother's second trimester of pregnancy.
2321	Plant cells have several structures not found in other eukaryotes. In particular, organelles called chloroplasts allow plants to capture the energy of the Sun in energy-rich molecules; cell walls allow plants to have rigid structures as varied as wood trunks and supple leaves; and vacuoles allow plant cells to change size.
2322	Plant cells have high concentrations of molecules dissolved in their cytoplasm, which causes water to come into the cell under normal conditions and makes the cell's central vacuole swell and press against the cell wall. With a healthy supply of water, turgor pressure keeps a plant from wilting.
2323	Plant cells have certain distinguishing features, including chloroplasts, cell walls, and intracellular vacuoles. Photosynthesis takes place in chloroplasts; cell walls allow plants to have strong, upright structures; and vacuoles help regulate how cells handle water and storage of other molecules.
2324	The biological membranes provide much of the functionality of the organisms of which they are a part. From intracellular organelles to extracellular cell–cell interactions, membranes provide the structures necessary for biological function and organisation. Many structural and functional features are common among membranes in archaea, bacteria, eukaryotic cells and enveloped viruses. The fundamental architecture of all biological membranes is built upon the lipid bilayer. Thus, all membranes have properties in common. Membrane proteins confer a myriad of specific functions expressed by cell membranes. Plasma membranes determine the cell boundary and the interactions of the cell with its environment. Intracellular membranes compartmentalise cells into different functional units with differing internal compositions.
2325	The cell wall surrounds the plasma membrane of plant cells and provides tensile strength and protection against mechanical and osmotic stress. It also allows cells to develop turgor pressure, which is the pressure of the cell contents against the cell wall.
2326	The Clydesdale is a draft horse breed from Lanarkshire, Scotland, and its name was inspired by the River Clyde. The Clydesdale’s history goes back to the mid-1700s, when native stocks were mated with larger Flemish horses and then selected for use in agriculture and for all types of heavy hauling, including transport through the streets of Glasgow.
2327	Clydesdale Horses for Sale. Large, intelligent, stylish and serviceable, the Clydesdales in our classified ads represent one of the most popular, if not numerous, draft animals in the country. They are, in fact, the only draft animal in their native Scotland and New Zealand, and hold a commanding lead in numbers in Australia.
2328	Characteristics and Origin of the Clydesdale Horse. The Clydesdale is a breed of heavy draft horse developed in and deriving its name from the district in Scotland where it was founded. Its type was evolved by the farmers of Lanarkshire, through which the River Clyde flows. The old name for Lanarkshire is Clydesdale.
2329	Clydesdale horses were first exhibited under the breed name in 1826, and the breed was further standardized through the system of hiring out purebred stallions. The Clydesdale Horse Society was formed in 1877, and its breed registry records go back to the 1830s. The Clydesdale was first imported to North America in the 1840s. The breed’s attractiveness and size led to its use in promotional hitches, such as one sponsored by the Chicago Stockyard Company.
2330	Kenbar Jenna - Registered Clydesdale Mare With Filly Foal At SideRegistered Clydesdale Mare With Filly Foal At Side. http://img.equinenow.com/slir/w350-c5x4/equine/data/photos/1137611t_1.jpg%3F1492445391horse.
2331	Clydesdale Horses for Sale. Advanced Search. Large, intelligent, stylish and serviceable, the Clydesdales in our classified ads represent one of the most popular, if not numerous, draft animals in the country. They are, in fact, the only draft animal in their native Scotland and New Zealand, and hold a commanding lead in numbers in Australia.
2332	Onyx - Draft Clydesdale Carriage HorseDraft Clydesdale Carriage Horse. http://img.equinenow.com/slir/w350-c5x4/equine/data/photos/1135820t_1.jpg%3F1491331108horse. Howey in The Hills, FL. Onyx has worked in our commercial carriage business, however our company is now closed for business. She will drive on major streets with traffic, under….
2333	When you look for a Clydesdale horse for sale in our classified ads you are searching for one of the most popular draft animals in all of North America. Specializing in handcrafted, custom timber frame design and build for bank, horse and event barns. Tour our barns.
2334	Meet the Clydesdale. The Clydesdale breed once almost faced extinction. Even though there is little practical use for heavy horses today because their muscle power has been replaced by machinery, breeders and enthusiasts have ensured that the breed is increasing, rather diminishing in numbers.
2335	The Clydesdale was developed for both agricultural work and commercial transportation. In their early history, they were used as war horses, suited to carrying a heavily armed soldier. They were used to till fields, log, pull freight wagons, milk wagons, and general hauling.
2336	molina healthcare inc is a managed care organization the company arranges for the delivery of health care services to persons eligible for medicaid and other programs for low income families and individualsolina healthcare inc is a managed care organization the company arranges for the delivery of health care services to persons eligible for medicaid and other programs for low income families and individuals
2337	molina healthcare of california is one of ten licensed state health plans managed by its parent corporation molina healthcare inc the nine other molina health plans are located in florida michigan missouri new mexico ohio texas utah washington and wisconsinolina healthcare s community based consumer advisory panels provide direction and feedback specific to molina healthcare s subsidiary health plans on local program development and management of behavioral health services and integration with other medical care management services
2338	what is the molina healthcare pac it is dr cleo s prescription for quality healthcare a political action committee dedicated to electing pro healthcare candidates through direct contribution voter education and political activismmany molina employees already participate in the molina healthcare pacmolina pac is open to all exempt employees molina s pac site is password protected for pac eligible exempt employees enter your employee email and password below to go to the pac site or contact us for more informationt is dr cleo s prescription for quality healthcare a political action committee dedicated to electing pro healthcare candidates through direct contribution voter education and political activism many molina employees already participate in the molina healthcare pac
2339	molina healthcare nyse moh is a managed care company headquartered in long beach california united statesfor over 35 years molina has served members partnered with providers supported local communities and worked with state governmentsolina healthcare nyse moh is a managed care company headquartered in long beach california united states
2340	about molina healthcare navigating the murky waters of federal health care plans is no easy feat but molina healthcare s mission is to help medicaid and medicare members find their way to health careomponents of the health care reform bill call for increased health insurance coverage and changes to the way government health plans are reimbursed which could include significant decreases
2341	molina healthcare entered the medicare market in 2006 the company currently offers medicare health plan options in eleven states california florida illinois michigan new mexico ohio south carolina texas utah washington and wisconsinolina healthcare nyse moh is a managed care company headquartered in long beach california united states
2342	starting as a tenant in 2002 molina healthcare purchased what is now molina center in 2011 and then entered into a sale leaseback agreement with agnl clinic l p in 2013 molina center now serves as molina healthcare inc s corporate headquartersolina healthcare inc and its health plan subsidiaries provide managed care services to persons eligible for medicaid medicare and other government sponsored programs for low income families and individuals molina healthcare s licensed health plan subsidiaries currently serve more than 1 8 million members
2343	molina healthcare owns and operates primary care clinics in california florida new mexico washington and virginia our medical offices provide individuals who qualify for government sponsored programs with medical care including prenatal care immunizations and flu shotst s free molina healthcare is a fortune 500 company that is focused exclusively on government sponsored health care programs for families and individuals who qualify for government sponsored health care
2344	about 20 % of molina s california health plan membership is being served by its primary care clinics there molina is preparing to meet health care reform changes by growing the direct delivery component of its business and developing additional community care clinics for some of its health plans during 2011omponents of the health care reform bill call for increased health insurance coverage and changes to the way government health plans are reimbursed which could include significant decreases
2345	molina healthcare contracts with state governments and serves as a health plan providing a wide range of quality health care services to families and individualst s free molina healthcare is a fortune 500 company that is focused exclusively on government sponsored health care programs for families and individuals who qualify for government sponsored health care
2346	Ontario Population Projections Update, Spring 2017 Chart 1 This line chart shows the estimated total population of Ontario from 1971 to 2016, and the projection to 2041 for the three scenarios (reference, high and low).
2347	Ontario Oregon 's estimated population is 11,027. according to the most recent United States census.
2348	Ontario, one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is in east-central Canada. It is Canada's most populous province accounting for nearly 40 percent of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included. It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto. Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to t
2349	Population of female led and female partner homes: 0; Population of female led and male partner homes: 0; No unmarried partner of home lead present: 2,880; In family homes: 2,866; Population of husband-wife family homes: 1,888; Population of male lead with no wife present, family homes: 122; Population of female lead with no husband present, family homes: 856
2350	Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area.
2351	10/12/2014. Crime in Ontario, Or. In reply to Crime in Ontario, It's too bad that when a Hispanic culture moves in to a nice little town, your crime rate goes up and property values go down.
2352	Population by Place in the United States There are 29,257 places in the United States. This section compares Ontario to the 50 most populous places in the United States. The least populous of the compared places has a population of 371,267.
2353	Oregon Constitution; LOCAL. City government; County government; Other local government entities; City and county populations; NATIONAL. U.S. Senators; U.S. Representatives; U.S. officials; Major political parties; Consular corps; Indian tribes; U.S. government Web links; CULTURAL. Arts; Media; Natural sciences and technology; History; EDUCATION. Introduction; Higher education
2354	Malt refers to a grain product which is used in different types of foods and drinks for fermentation as well as to add nutrients and flavor.Malt is derived from cereal grains that have undergone partial germination and were dried. Any type of cereal can be turned into malt, but barley is the most commonly used one.Grains such as rice, rye, corn, and wheat are rarely used to produce malt. The malting process is performed by soaking the grains in water and then drying it with hot air to allow them to germinate.ny type of cereal can be turned into malt, but barley is the most commonly used one. Grains such as rice, rye, corn, and wheat are rarely used to produce malt. The malting process is performed by soaking the grains in water and then drying it with hot air to allow them to germinate.
2355	Malted grain is used to make beer; whisky; malted shakes; malt vinegar; confections such as Maltesers and Whoppers; flavored drinks such as Horlicks, Ovaltine and Milo; and some baked goods, such as malt loaf, bagels and rich tea biscuits. Malted grain that has been ground into a coarse meal is known as sweet meal.alting is the process of converting barley or other cereal grains into malt, for use in brewing, distilling, or in foods and takes place in a maltings, sometimes called a malthouse, or a malting floor.
2356	Malt extract production [edit]. Malt extract is frequently used in the brewing of beer. Its production begins by germinating barley grain in a process known as malting, immersing barley in water to encourage the grain to sprout, then drying the barley to halt the progress when the sprouting begins.alting is the process of converting barley or other cereal grains into malt, for use in brewing, distilling, or in foods and takes place in a maltings, sometimes called a malthouse, or a malting floor.
2357	Malt is commonly used for the brewing of beer. Actually, the flavor and taste of beer primarily come from the malt that is used to produce it. Special malts produced through controlled heating are also used to enhance the beer’s color.ny type of cereal can be turned into malt, but barley is the most commonly used one. Grains such as rice, rye, corn, and wheat are rarely used to produce malt. The malting process is performed by soaking the grains in water and then drying it with hot air to allow them to germinate.
2358	Malting is the process of converting barley or other cereal grains into malt, for use in brewing, distilling, or in foods and takes place in a maltings, sometimes called a malthouse, or a malting floor.The cereal is spread out on the malting floor in a layer of 8 to 12 cm (3 to 5 inch) depth.alting is the process of converting barley or other cereal grains into malt, for use in brewing, distilling, or in foods and takes place in a maltings, sometimes called a malthouse, or a malting floor.
2359	malt. n. 1. Grain, usually barley, that has been allowed to sprout, used chiefly in brewing and distilling. 2. An alcoholic beverage, such as beer or ale, brewed from malt.3.alt. n. 1. Grain, usually barley, that has been allowed to sprout, used chiefly in brewing and distilling. 2. An alcoholic beverage, such as beer or ale, brewed from malt. 3.
2360	Brewing is the production of beer by steeping a starch source (commonly cereal grains) in water and fermenting the resulting sweet liquid with yeast.hen the fermentation is complete the brewer may rack the beer into a new tank, called a conditioning tank. Conditioning of the beer is the process in which the beer ages, the flavour becomes smoother, and flavours that are unwanted dissipate.
2361	The basic ingredients of beer are water; a starch source, such as malted barley, able to be fermented (converted into alcohol); a brewer's yeast to produce the fermentation; and a flavouring, such as hops, to offset the sweetness of the malt.hen the fermentation is complete the brewer may rack the beer into a new tank, called a conditioning tank. Conditioning of the beer is the process in which the beer ages, the flavour becomes smoother, and flavours that are unwanted dissipate.
2362	Malt can be further processed to produce liquid or dried sweeteners called Malt Extracts. There are several classes of Malt Extracts, including Standard Malt Extracts, Specialty and Black Malt Extracts, and Coextracts of Malt and Other Cereal Grains.Other unmalted grains or starch sources can be converted into extracts, using malted barley as a natural enzyme source in the extraction process. this is done most often for economy and, in some cases, to make a lighter flavored syrup.owever, similar to the term malt, the term malt extract unqualified refers to an extract of malted barley. According to CFR, an extract of 100% malted barley can also be referred to as malt syrup.
2363	Most beer is fermented with a brewer's yeast and flavoured with hops. Secondary starch sources (adjuncts), such as maize (corn), rice, or sugar, may also be used. Less widely used starch sources include millet, sorghum and cassava.The amount of each starch source in a beer recipe is collectively called the grain bill.hen the fermentation is complete the brewer may rack the beer into a new tank, called a conditioning tank. Conditioning of the beer is the process in which the beer ages, the flavour becomes smoother, and flavours that are unwanted dissipate.
2364	in the privacy section click content settings under cookies click all cookies and site data to delete all cookies click remove all to delete a specific cookie hover over a site then click the that appears to the right
2365	this information is packaged into a cookie and sent to your web browser which then stores the information for later use the next time you go to the same web site your browser will send the cookie to the web server the message is sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server
2366	use the cookies section to change your settings to block all cookies click block sites from setting any data when you use this setting most sites that require you to sign in won t work to allow only first party cookies and block all third party cookies check block third party cookies and site data
2367	cookies have six parameters that can be passed to them the name of the cookie the value of the cookie the expiration date of the cookie this determines how long the cookie will remain active in your browser the path the cookie is valid for this sets the url path the cookie us valid in
2368	change cookie permissions for the page that you re viewing if you ve added cookies exceptions for specific domains the address bar will show if cookies are blocked you can adjust cookie permissions for the page that you re on open chrome and go to the page that you want to manage cookies for click the connection icon in the address bar which might look like a lock or a page click the number from this site link adjust the cookies re block allowed cookies in the allowed tab select the site from the list at the top and click block
2369	to block or allow cookies in internet explorer select the tools button and then select internet options select the privacy tab and under settings move the slider to the top to block all cookies or the bottom to allow all cookies and then select ok
2370	this page helps you manage cookies by instructing you on how to remove cookies on the chrome firefox safari opera and internet explorer browsers since the vast majority of internet users access the web using these five browsers we ll focus on them for other browsers follow the appropriate link
2371	click remove cookie step 6 if you want to delete all cookies click the top of your firefox window and click on your firefox button click the history menu and pick out clear recent history select everything for the time range to clear option click on the downward arrow located next to details
2372	what do cookies do a cookie is the term given to describe a type of message that is given to a web browser by a web server the main purpose of a cookie is to identify users and possibly prepare customized web pages or to save site login information for you
2373	to block or allow cookies in internet explorer 11 for windows 10 in internet explorer select the tools button and then select internet options select the privacy tab and under settings select advanced and choose if you want to allow block or be prompted for first and third party cookies in internet explorer select the tools button and then select internet options select the privacy tab and under settings move the slider to the top to block all cookies or the bottom to allow all cookies and then select ok
2374	The. , a stele bearing the most complete and perfect extant collection of Babylonian laws developed during the reign of Hammurabi (1792-1750 BCE), was discovered near the castle in 1901 by French Orientalist Jean-Vincent Scheil.
2375	Hammurabi. (haemo͝orae`hämo͝orä) , bē. fl–1792 1750.B., c king Of Babylonia, babylonia ancient empire Of. Mesopotamia the name is sometimes given to the whole civilization Of S, mesopotamia including the states established by the city rulers Of, Lagash (akkad Or), Agade, uruk And ur in the 3d Millennium.B...... c
2376	Hammurabi’s edicts were a fixture of the ancient world, but the laws were later lost to history and weren’t rediscovered until 1901, when a team of French archeologists unearthed the famous diorite stele at the ancient city of Susa, Iran, once the seat of the Elamite Empire.
2377	These famous pre-Biblical laws helped shape Babylonian life in Hammurabi’s time, but their influence would echo throughout the ancient world for over a millennia. Below, find out more about the fascinating history behind one of antiquity’s most important legal codes.
2378	It’s not the earliest known code of laws. Hammurabi’s dictates are often cited as the oldest written laws on record, but they were predated by at least two other ancient codes of conduct from the Middle East.
2379	The Code includes one of the earliest examples of the presumption of innocence. While it’s notorious for its catalogue of barbaric punishments, Hammurabi’s Code also set several valuable legal precedents that have survived to this day.
2380	In the 18th century B.C., the Babylonian King Hammurabi fashioned a compendium of 282 laws that set standards of conduct and justice for his empire in ancient Mesopotamia.
2381	Although the Code of Hammurabi was essentially humanitarian in its intent and orientation, it contained the eye for an eye theory of punishment, which is a barbarian application of the concept of making the punishment fit the crime.
2382	King of Babylonia (1792–1750. ). The ascendancy of Babylonia is associated with his name. An Amorite in origin, Hammurabi was a skillful politician and military leader.
2383	The Code of Hammurabi was a comprehensive set of laws, considered by many scholars to be the oldest laws established; they were handed down four thousand years ago by King Hammurabi of Babylon.
2384	Combination Drugs. Over-the-counter medications designed to treat multiple symptoms often contain painkillers in combination with other drugs. Cold and flu medications often contain painkillers as well as decongestants. And menstrual pain relievers often provide diuretics, too. I am not a big fan of combination drugs, Schmitz said.
2385	Choosing a painkiller off the drug store shelf can be, well, painful. To offer some relief, Consumer Reports Health released its Best Buy Drugs -- a 22-page report that compares the effectiveness, safety and price of some of the top brands (and generics) for pain killing.
2386	And if you use aspirin along with ibuprofen or naproxen, the risk to your stomach is even greater. Any of these pain drugs alone can cause ulcers, and using them together only increases the risk, says Glaser. All three of these medications reduce pain through their effects on the prostaglandin pathways..
2387	Another NSAID, ibuprofen, has pain relieving effects similar to those of acetylsalicylic acid. But it tends to work better even at a lower dose and have milder side effects. It is a very good anti-inflammatory medication, originally developed to treat arthritis, said Duke's Collins.
2388	This may also lead to localized muscle spasm and pain referred to other areas away from the injection site. Sometimes the original pain may return or occasionally get worse after a treatment. Notify the office only if your pain medication, anti-inflammatories, ice and/or heat are ineffective. MEDICATION POLICY: If appropriate, controlled medications (narcotics, relaxants, and sedatives) may be prescribed prior to discharge from your procedure. Prescribing controlled medications over the phone is avoided.
2389	In most cases and when taken properly for pain, these drugs are very safe. That's why they're sold over-the-counter in the first place. But there are some situations where you can put yourself at risk by using these pain drugs improperly. Acetaminophen and Risk of Liver Damage. One of the most well-known risks of painkillers is liver damage from acetaminophen. Although [acetaminophen] has been used for years and overall is extremely safe, liver toxicity can occur with use of more than 4,000 milligrams in a day, says Dr. Glaser.
2390	Clear liquids are allowed up to 3 hours before your appointment. (i.e. apple juice, water, coffee/tea without milk/cream).• See attached blood thinner list for medications that need to be stopped prior to procedure.• You must notify the physician prescribing the blood thinner before stopping them.
2391	Always have assistance when walking up stairs, you may have numbness or weakness in the extremity related to the procedure, which could cause it to give out.DIET: Advance from clear liquids to your regular diet as tolerated.WOUND: Band-aids may be removed after 24 hours and do not need to be replaced.
2392	The report focuses on non-steroidal anti-inflammatories (NSAIDs), which commonly are used to treat pain associated with arthritis. But NSAIDs are only one type of painkiller. Depending on the ache, another type might be better. And depending on the sufferer, some drugs can be dangerous.
2393	In patients on blood thinners such as Coumadin or Plavix to prevent clots, these medications [NSAIDS and aspirin] can lead to the unintentional over-thinning of the blood and excessive risks of bleeding, Glaser says. Additionally, these NSAIDs have been shown to raise blood pressure.
2394	Jury decides gang member should be executed for killing 4 people Charles Ray Smith, 44, shows no emotion as the verdict is read. He was convicted of taking part in two deadly shootings in 2006, including one that became known as the '49th Street Massacre.' June 10, 2013 | By Jack Leonard, Los Angeles Times
2395	Jury decides gang member should be executed for killing 4 people. 1  Charles Ray Smith, 44, shows no emotion as the verdict is read. He was convicted of taking part in two deadly shootings in 2006, including one that became known as the '49th Street Massacre.'. 2  Seizure Led to FloJo's Death. 3  His 104 scores make his case.
2396	Charles Ray Shinholser: Duval County Sheriff's Office: 1988: Donald Ray Cook: Escambia County Sheriff's Office: 1988: William Don Craig: Miami Police Department: 1988: James Joseph Reilly: Miami Police Department: 1988: Mark Alan Bolhouse: Fort Myers Police Department: 1988: Catherine Jo Rickling: Miramar Police Department: 1988: Jack Allerton Romeis: Alachua County Sheriff's Office
2397	Harry Charles Chapin: Florida Game And Fresh Water Fish Commission: 1972: Richard Keith Eva: Lee County Sheriff's Office: 1972: Edward J. Parker: Duval County Sheriff's Office: 1971: James H. Moon: Duval County Sheriff's Office: 1971: Victor Butler, Jr. Miami Police Department: 1971: Samuel M. Stephens: Pahokee Police Department: 1970: Rolland Lane, Jr. Miami Police Department: 1969
2398	120. Robert Garfield Brown, Jr. 121. Frederick Anthony Seno; 122. Smith Gerald Hudson; 123. Joseph Lloyd Thomas; 124. Kenneth Ray Lawson; 125. Ted Jacob Rinehart; 126. Charles Clyatt Rogers; 127. Joseph Corbett, Jr. 128. William Mason; 129. Edward Reiley; 130. Harold Eugene Fields; 131. Richard Peter Wagner; 132. James John Warjac; 133. Ernest Tait; 134. Clarence Leon Raby; 135. Nathaniel Beans; 136. Stanley William Fitzgerald; 137. Donald Leroy Payne; 138. Charles Francis Higgins; 139. Robert William Schultz, Jr. 140. Merle Lyle Gall; 141. James George Economou; 142. Ray Delano Tate; 143. John B. Everhart; 144. Herbert Hoover Huffman; 145. Kenneth Eugene Cindle; 146. Thomas Viola; 147. William Chester Cole; 148. Willie Hughes; 149. William Terry Nichols; 150. George Martin Bradley, Jr. 151. Philip Alfred LaNormandin; 152.
2399	Jury decides gang member should be executed for killing 4 people. Charles Ray Smith, 44, shows no emotion as the verdict is read. He was convicted of taking part in two deadly shootings in 2006, including one that became known as the '49th Street Massacre.'.
2400	Charles Ray Smith, 44, convicted of four counts of murder, listens as a courtroom… (Robert Gauthier, Los Angeles…) Jurors decided Monday that a gang member should be executed for the slaying of four people, including a 10-year-old boy gunned down from close range as he rode his bicycle along a quiet South Los Angeles street.
2401	Charles Ray Smith, 44, stared straight ahead and showed no emotion as the verdict was read in a downtown courtroom. Smith was convicted during a previous trial of taking part in two deadly shootings in 2006, including one that became known as the 49th Street Massacre in which two men wielding AK-47s opened fire on children and adults enjoying a Friday summer afternoon.
2402	Herbert Ray Sullivan: St. Petersburg Police Department: 1980: Carl Wallace Mertes: North Miami Police Department: 1980: Floyd Douglas Heist: Escambia County Sheriff's Office: 1980: Sam Edward Etheredge, Jr. Daytona Beach Police Department: 1980: Worth 'Joe' Edwards: Broward County Sheriff's Office: 1980: Earl Sermon Dyess, Sr. Hendry County Sheriff's Office: 1980: Amos Cross
2403	164. Watson Young, Jr. 165. Lyndal Ray Smith; 166. Harry Robert Grove, Jr. 167. Bobby Randell Wilcoxson; 168. Albert Frederick Nussbaum; 169. Thomas Welton Holland; 170. Edward Howard Maps; 171. David Stanley Jacubanis; 172. John Kinchloe DeJarnette; 173. Michael Joseph O’Connor; 174. John Lee Taylor; 175. Harold Thomas O’Brien; 176. Jerry Clarence Rush; 177.
2404	Never miss out on a great deal again. Set up deal alerts for your favorite stores, categories, or products and we'll instantly alert you when a new deal is posted. Here are a few of our most popular alerts. Give one a try. Create or manage deal alerts from the Deal Alert Management page. Create & Manage Deal Alerts.
2405	acronym for your mileage may vary.. Used mainly in computer-based conversation (instant messaging, email, text messaging, etc.) I thought the shaving cream worked really well, but YMMV. See more words with the same meaning: Internet, texting, SMS, email, chat acronyms (list of). See more words with the same meaning: computer slang.
2406	Definition of your mileage may vary. your mileage may vary. interjection. a disclaimer given along with advice, meaning roughly, It worked for me, but may not work in all cases.. I found that it improved performance by 15%, but your mileage may vary. See more words with the same meaning: computer slang.
2407	Tax Preparation Deals. Deal Alerts Deal Alerts Never miss out on a great deal again. Set up deal. alerts for your favorite stores, categories, or. products and we'll instantly alert you when a new. deal is posted. Create or Manage Deal Alerts. Post A Deal Post a Deal The deals and coupons you see on Slickdeals are.
2408	In the United States, your mileage may vary is the standard disclaimer given along with estimates of the mileage of motor vehicles. See more words with the same meaning: to disagree, disapprove, or doubt. Last edited on Nov 15 2011.
2409	The Language of Love, Lust, Sex. and All the Many-Splendored Things in Between in Teenspeak - Jockspeak - Menglish - Slanglish - Spanglish Gaylese - Americanese - Britspeak - Ozslang - Funetic Populo-Vulgar Speech - T-Shirt & Net Shorthand Pompo-Verbosity & other Figurative Lingos. Word (Phrase): Search In.
2410	What YMMV might mean: 1  This deal may or may not work for you 2  . This deal may or may not be in your store. 3  This deal is depending on your cashier’s mood.  This deal is clearance and you may not find it in your 1  store. This deal is regional.  This coupon is regional and you may not be able to find it in your circular.
2411	YMMV actually stands for “Your MARKET May Vary”. That is, a policy or deal may vary depending on your area :) The abbreviation has been used as lingo in the sales, advertising and marketing fields. Your definition still stands.
2412	Answer: YMMV is your mileage may vary. It is used as a disclaimer that this claim for results will be different for every person. It is commonly used when answering technical-type questions in online conversations. You will see this acronym both in uppercase YMMV and lowercase ymmv form, both meaning the same thing.
2413	What YMMV might mean: This deal may or may not work for you . This deal may or may not be in your store. This deal is depending on your cashier’s mood. This deal is clearance and you may not find it in your store.
2414	With a staple down or nail down installation over a wood subfloor using solid flooring or engineered flooring, it is recommended that an underlayment of 15lb. black felt paper is rolled out over the wood subfloor prior to installing the new floor.
2415	Your choice in underlay performs a few unglamorous, yet extremely important, functions after you’ve laid down your solid hardwood floor, bamboo floors, engineered wood flooring, or laminate floor. Here are the 5 reasons you need underlay for your wood floor installation. Underlay evens out minor subfloor imperfections. An even subfloor is a key element to greater stability when it comes to your choice in wood flooring.
2416	1 And a big part of that is a warm floor. A good underlay keeps the damp cold away from the floor board, and the resulting cold away from your feet.  Underlay aids in moisture resistance. This benefit is particularly true when you invest in an underlay with an attached vapor barrier.
2417	In other words, laminate flooring is a floating floor. If the glue, adhesive, or thin set are used to attach the floor product to the sub floor, the underlayment serves different purposes when used under a laminate floor. 1. Padding or underlayment serves as noise reduction.
2418	Hardwood, laminate, bamboo and vinyl flooring underlayment products help dampen sound, protect your floor from harmful moisture and provide thermal insulation.
2419	1 And a big part of that is a warm floor. A good underlay keeps the damp cold away from the floor board, and the resulting cold away from your feet. And speaking of damp  …. Underlay aids in moisture resistance.
2420	Underlayments play an important role during the installation of new hardwood flooring or laminate flooring. Whether you intend to staple down, nail down or float, an underlayment offers a slew of benefits during and after installation.
2421	1 And stability, as you know, is what you’re after if you want your floor to last.  Underlay helps to reduce noise. One of the issues with laminate flooring, and other floating floors, is the noise of footfalls. This has improved as flooring products have evolved, of course.
2422	We've found that the most popular are the 1/8 IN. thick cork underlayment (3mm) and the 1/4 IN. thick cork underlayment (6mm). The only difference is the thickness, the thicker 6 mm will give you twice the sound absorption if desired to lessen any noise when the floor is walked on.
2423	Laminate Flooring with Underlayment Attached. Some manufacturers, like QuickStep and Alloc, make laminate flooring with an underlayment already attached to the back of each board. This makes installation quick and simple, negating the need to roll out a separate underlayment.
2424	Light-Blue top tube. Additive: anticoagulant sodium citrate (prevents coagulation by binding to calcium in the specimen). Fill tubes completely to maintain the ratio of 9 parts blood to 1 part sodium citrate. Invert tubes 3 - 4 times.
2425	Reload the page to try again! Press Cmd-0 to reset your zoom. Press Ctrl-0 to reset your zoom. It looks like your browser might be zoomed in or out. Your browser needs to be zoomed to a normal size to record audio.
2426	Centrifugation: When plasma is required, or when not using a serum gel separator tube, follow these instructions: 1  Draw 12 mL of whole blood for each 5 mL of serum or plasma needed. 2  Collect in an appropriate collection tube. 3  Centrifuge for at least 15 minutes at 2200-2500 RPM.
2427	Gray top tube. Additive: All top tubes contain a glucose preservative (antiglycolytic agent): sodium fluoride (preserves glucose for 3 days) or lithium iodoacetate (preserves glucose for 24 hours). May also contain the anticoagulant potassium oxalate (prevents clotting by binding calcium). Invert 8 times.
2428	Hematology (CBC) and Blood Bank (Crossmatch); requires full draw-invert 8 times to prevent clotting and platelet clumping. Light Blue Top.
2429	A prothrombin time (PT) and platelet count are ordered on an 80-year-old female patient.
2430	Indicate that the specimen is plasma on the plastic screw-cap vial for transport and test requisition. Centrifugation: When plasma is required, or when not using a serum gel separator tube, follow these instructions: 1  Draw 12 mL of whole blood for each 5 mL of serum or plasma needed. 2  Centrifuge for at least 15 minutes at 2200-2500 RPM. 3  Pipette the serum or plasma into a clean plastic screw-cap vial and attach the label.
2431	Draw blood in the color-coded Vacutainer® tube indicated in the alphabetical test listing. For serum or plasma, draw approximately 2 1/2 times the requested volume. For serum, allow the blood to clot sixty minutes and separate by centrifugation.
2432	Separate plasma by centrifugation. Transfer the serum, plasma or whole blood to a plastic transport tube (see Pediatric Specimen Tubes below). To prevent injury and exposure to potentially infectious material, do not ship frozen serum, plasma, or whole blood received in glass tubes or SST (glass or plastic).
2433	Deciding to use a butterfly and short draw evacuated tubes on the tiny cephalic vein on the dorsal side of the right arm, the phlebotomist collects the light blue tube first and the lavender last.
2434	One of the biggest ones is in Scotland, reaching 177 ft. Measurement of Giant Sequoia Redwood tree sizes are based on height, girth at the ground and the volume. The tree called General Sherman has the biggest volume at 52,508 cubic ft. The tallest reaches a height of 311 ft (unnamed). The oldest are 3,500 years old and found in the Converse basin.
2435	When speaking of Redwood tree sizes, one should distinguish between the two types. The Coast Redwood trees (Sequoia sempervirens) are the tallest on Earth (the highest reaches up to 379 ft). The Giant Sequoia or Sierra Redwood trees (Sequoiadendron giganeum) reach 290 ft (average) and have the biggest volume.
2436	The tallest tree is Hyperion (in Redwood National Park) at 379.1 ft. Currently there are over 30 trees over 360 ft tall. There are over 150 trees over 350 ft tall. There are unconfirmed reports of a 380 ft tree that was chopped down in 1912. The biggest Redwood tree size possible is 425 ft. In terms of volume, the biggest is the Lost Monarch.
2437	Its 40/20/40 split-fold design lets second-row passengers slide their seat to match their own idea of leg room. Page 6 No matter what you’ve got planned, Sequoia is happy to oblige. Both the sliding second-row and third-row seats fold flat, making it easy to load and unload all the gear your road trip requires.
2438	1 The Hazelwood Tree (not listed above) had a volume of 36,228 cubic feet (1,025.9 m 3) before losing half its trunk in a lightning storm in 2002, if it were still at full size it would currently be the 17th largest giant sequoia on earth.
2439	Because most of the neighboring trees are also quite large, it can be difficult to appreciate the size of an individual giant sequoia. The largest giant sequoias are as tall as a 26-story building, and the width of their bases can exceed that of a city street. They grow at such a rate as to produce roughly 40 cubic feet (1.1 m 3) of wood each year, approximately equal to the volume of a 50-foot-tall tree one foot in diameter.
2440	There's 19.8 cubic feet of space behind the third row seats, and the independent suspension allows that third row to fold flat into floor to free up 66.6 cubic feet. Fold the second row too, and there's a full 120.1 cubes to play with. The Sequoia's two-tone dashboard is shared with Tundra. The controls are user-friendly for the most apart, although the sheer width of the SUV can make the audio controls difficult to reach for shorter drivers.
2441	However, with a height of 286 feet (87 m) or more, a circumference of 113 feet (34 m) or more, an estimated bole volume of up to 52,500 cubic feet (1,487 m 3), and an estimated age of 1800–2700 years, the giant sequoia is among the tallest, widest and longest-lived of all organisms on Earth.
2442	Meet the commanding 2016 Toyota Sequoia, the SUV built to inspire your kids’ most-liked status updates. Sequoia provides seating for up to eight, 1 along with the cargo room you want for everyone’s gear. Inside, its host of high-tech features gives your family the ultimate in convenience and comfort.
2443	Make no mistake: the Toyota Sequoia isn't some dainty crossover. It's a truck-based full-size SUV with ample room for eight passengers and loads of towing and hauling ability. While its one of the more refined examples of a dying breed, the Sequoia is still a thirsty rig that's a bit more cumbersome to drive than its car-derived competitors.
2444	All Latex. This literally means the whole mattress from top to bottom and edge to edge is made of latex, whether it be 100% natural, blended or synthetic, dunlop or talalay; there could be one or more layers, but the trait is that there are no other layers (apart from the flame retardant cover).
2445	Talalay latex is more supple and resilient. All latex is meaured in ILD (indention load deflection) and a 32 ILD in Dunlop is not firmer than a 32 ILD in Talalay, although it is stiffer. We used to carry Dunlop in Natural before we were able to get the Talalay Natural.
2446	First, we made the world’s most luxurious all-natural latex mattress. Then we made it affordable. You can pay $4,000 or more for a top-of-the-line latex mattress at a retail store, but it won’t match Zenhaven. Handcrafted in America of 100% natural American Talalay latex, layered with breathable 100% organic New Zealand wool and wrapped in lush organic cotton, Zenhaven takes you to new heights of comfort and health.
2447	Talalay process latex was developed in the early 70’s and was pioneered by the new startup company Latex International. It really helped bring back latex to the forefront as a raw material used in mattresses. Essentially the Talalay process uses extreme heat and extreme cold during the vulcanization to produce very good cell structure.
2448	Latex in general and Talalay latex in particular is very resilient, which is the exact opposite of visco elastic slow recovery foam. Visco elastic foam has been much ballyhooed as being the most pressure relieving surface foam for mattresses.
2449	Pure Talalay Bliss uses Oeko-Tex certified Talalay Latex and fabrics in all of our mattresses. This certification verifies our products do not contain harmful substances or pose a health risk to consumers and is even safe for babies. All of our Talalay Latex is manufactured by Talalay Global in Shelton, CT, USA.
2450	Our 100% Natual Latex is made by Radium with the Talalay process. We have found the Radium Natural Talalay to be the purest and most consistant Natural Latex. Our FloBeds Natural Latex is produced using no fillers or shortcuts. It is made from 100% Latex Rubber from the Rubber Tree. Talalay Latex provides the most supple, body conforming and long lasting mattresses.
2451	Both Talalay Latex and Memory Foam are marketed as the premium mattress materials, but they are very different. 1  Talalay Latex is a rubber. Memory Foam is a foam, which doesn't provide both support and pressure relief. 2  Talalay Latex rubber is a natural material derived from the rubber tree.
2452	Because dunlop is denser it is firmer and widely used as a base platform (like in the LUCID 16″ reviewed below), whereas talalay latex is good for a more soft or plush finish so makes a great top layer (like in the DreamFoam Ultimate Dreams 10″ reviewed below).
2453	Even though they’re both latex, there are significant differences between our Talalay Latex and Dunlop Latex (Latex Light). They’re manufactured using different processes; it takes 14 hours to make a Talalay Latex mattress core, but less than one hour to make a Dunlop mattress core.
2454	Seville: Annual Weather Averages. July is the hottest month in Seville with an average temperature of 28°C (82°F) and the coldest is January at 11°C (52°F) with the most daily sunshine hours at 12 in July. The wettest month is March with an average of 90mm of rain. Loading weather data.
2455	Seville has a subtropical Mediterranean climate (Koeppen köppen climate Classification). Csa like Most mediterranean, Climates seville has a drier summer and wet. Winter the annual average temperature is °25 (c °77) f during the day and °13 (c °55) f at. night
2456	Seville Climate & Temperature. 1  Seville, Spain is at 37 24'N, 5 54'W, 31 m (102 ft). 2  See map. 3  Seville has a hot mediterranean/ dry-summer subtropical climate (K ppen-Geiger classification: Csa) that is mild with moderate seasonality.
2457	If you’re visiting Seville in winter then you can expect 7 to 8 days of rain per month. This is normally in the form of heavy showers. The rest of the month is clear with around six hours of sunshine each day, which is pretty good for a European destination at this time of year.
2458	The Seville harbour, located about 80 kilometres (50 miles) from the Atlantic Ocean, is the only river port in Spain. Seville is also the hottest major metropolitan area in Europe, with summer average high temperatures of above 35 °C.
2459	October 8, 2015; 12:59 AM ET. Joaquin continues its journey across the northern Atlantic toward Europe, where it is expected to reach Spain and Portugal this weekend.
2460	Weather Overview for Seville. Seville has a beautiful Mediterranean climate, featuring stifling hot summers and milder winters. Located in the South West of Spain, this stunning city is one of the warmest in Europe. The hottest ever European temperature occurred in 1881 in Seville when temperatures reached a sweltering 50 degrees on August 4 th.
2461	The weather in Seville is pretty consistent each year with soaring temperatures in July and August. The height of summer can provide challenging weather, especially for sightseeing. One of the most popular sites to view in Seville, Plaza de Espana is one of the hottest places in the city. Autumn and spring offer more moderate heat, which is more enjoyable. Winter is milder, however, the weather is still better than the rain and snow of England. Seville, Spain.
2462	Seville has the only inland port in Spain, located 80 km (50 mi) from the mouth of the Guadalquivir River. This harbour complex offers access to the Atlantic and the Mediterranean, and allows trade in goods between the south of Spain (Andalusia, Extremadura) and Europe, the Middle East and North Africa.
2463	Seville is the capital of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia, andalusía according To article 4 of The statute Of autonomy Of andalucia andalucía, of 2007 and is the capital Of the Province of seville. as well
2464	The population of the giant panda rose 17% from 2004 to 2014. The gorilla population declined more than 70% in the past 20 years. The population of the giant panda rose 17% from 2004 to 2014. The gorilla population declined more than 70% in the past 20 years.
2465	Red Panda Population in the Wild The current red panda population is difficult to estimate and ranges anywhere from 2,500 to 20,000. As mentioned, these red pandas are spread across several countries. China, for example, is home to just over 42% of all red panda habitats and as of 1999, has a red panda population of between 3,000 and 7,000. In India, the population is believed to be between 5,000 and 6,000.
2466	The red panda's diet consists mainly of bamboo, although it is also known to consume insects, birds, and eggs. Conservation Status and Threats. Over the last 18 years, which accounts for 3 generations in the life of the red panda, the population size of this species has decreased by approximately 50%.
2467	The red panda is recognized as an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), with an estimated population of less than 10,000 mature red pandas in the wild. The red panda is easily identifiable by its red fur and white markings.
2468	Although the population is currently increasing, climate change is predicted to eliminate >35% of the Panda's bamboo habitat in the next 80 years, and thus the Panda population is projected to decline (Fan et al. 2012, Songer et al. 2012, Tuanmu et al. 2013, Li, R. et al. 2015).
2469	The IUCN estimates that the population of giant pandas is about 1,000 to 2,000, the population of great green macaws is less than 3,700, and the population of yellow-crested cockatoos is 1,500 to 7,000.
2470	The Qinling Mountains population is a distinctive genetic cluster and is significantly different from other mountain populations (Lü et al. 2001, Zhang, B. et al. 2007), diverging ~0.3 million years ago, corresponding with the onset of the Penultimate Glaciation (Zhao et al.
2471	Although no formal demographic analysis is available, there are demographic data available to enable estimation of age-related population composition (Sichuan Forestry Department 2015): if the population consists of 9.6% cubs, then the total population of Pandas is approximately 2,060.
2472	The creation of a panda reserve system in 1992 increased available habitats; today, there are 67 reserves in the country that protect 67% of the population and nearly 1.4 million hectares of habitat.
2473	Thanks to an increase in available habitat, the population of the giant panda rose 17% from 2004 to 2014, leading the IUCN to downgrade it from endangered to vulnerable. Read More A nationwide census in 2014 found 1,864 giant pandas in the wild in China, up from 1,596 in 2004, the IUCN said in its report on the animal.
2474	Three of those - Denzel Washington's change-of-pace ``Training Day'' psycho cop, Halle Berry's emotionally mercurial ``Monster's Ball'' widow and Will Smith's intriguingly contained portrayal of world-champion extrovert in ``Ali'' - also make up the most progressive trend in this year's race.
2475	The first pair of psychological preferences is Extraversion and Introversion. Where do you put your attention and get your energy? Do you like to spend time in the outer world of people and things (Extraversion), or in your inner world of ideas and images (Introversion)? Extraversion and Introversion as terms used by C. G. Jung explain different attitudes people use to direct their energy. These words have a meaning in psychology that is different from the way they are used in everyday language. Everyone spends some time extraverting and some time introverting.
2476	The typical introvert is shy, contemplative, and reserved and tends to have difficulty adjusting to social situations. Excessive daydreaming and introspection, careful balancing of considerations before reaching decisions, and withdrawal under stress are also typical of the introverted personality.
2477	1. sociable, social, lively, outgoing, hearty, exuberant, amiable, gregarious His extrovert personality won him many friends. 1. outgoing person, mingler, socializer, mixer, life and soul of the party He was a showman, an extrovert who revelled in controversy.
2478	With a combination of sharp observational touches and heightened soap-opera plotting, Goldbacher takes us on a magical misery tour of punk-era England as seen through the eyes of two middle-class, emotionally needy neighbors: manipulative extrovert Marina and smart, esteem-deficient Holly.
2479	The extravert, by contrast, is characterized by outgoingness, responsiveness to other persons, activity, aggressiveness, and the ability to make quick decisions. This typology is now regarded as overly simplistic because almost no one can be accurately described as wholly introvert or extravert.
2480	Opposite of extrovert. A person who is energized by spending time alone. Often found in their homes, libraries, quiet parks that not many people know about, or other secluded places, introverts like to think and be alone. Contrary to popular belief, not all introverts are shy.
2481	Introvert and extravert. Introvert and extravert, basic personality types according to the theories of the 20th-century Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung.
2482	A very broad term that is misunderstood, but an introvert may contain one or more of these qualities. It pretty much comes down to choice however. One who focuses on the inner world of thoughts and ideas. One who gains energy from alone time, one who thinks before they speak.
2483	According to these theories, an introvert is a person whose interest is generally directed inward toward his own feelings and thoughts, in contrast to an extravert, whose attention is directed toward other people and the outside world.
2484	Rhetorical Analysis of Speech a Speech by George W. Bush - In this paper I am going to discuss the rhetorical appeals, as well as the argumentative structure, audience and purpose set forth by George W. Bush in his September 27 speech in Flagstaff, Arizona.
2485	How to Perform Rhetorical Analysis - How to Perform Rhetorical Analysis Becoming a critical reader means learning to recognize audiences, writers, points of view and purposes, and to evaluate arguments.
2486	Rhetoric of health and medicine. The rhetoric of health and medicine is an academic discipline concerning language and symbols in health and medicine. Rhetoric most commonly refers to the persuasive element in human interactions and is often best studied in the specific situations in which it occurs. The rhetoric of health and medicine specifically creates, analyzes, and criticizes how messages are delivered and structured in medicine- and health-related contexts.
2487	Proven Rhetorical Essay Topics You Should Use. The success of writing a proper rhetorical essay lies in choosing a good topic. While it may be difficult to decide on the particular topic, you should follow two major requirements. Firstly, focus on your interests. If the topic you want to discuss is familiar to you, you will have a head start.
2488	The rhetoric of mental health considers how language functions in the production of knowledge on topics such as mental and psychological disorders, chemical imbalances in the brain, and variations on what are considered normal mental faculties.
2489	Pathos is an appeal to the audience’s emotions. The speaker may use pathos in a multitude of ways; however, in terms of the rhetoric of health and medicine, two particular emotions stand out: fear and hope.
2490	Effectiveness of Rhetorical Devices Used in Two Articles - Critical Rhetorical Analysis In order for me to analyze the effectiveness of the rhetorical devices used in two separate articles, I read “Outsourcing: the good, the bad and the inevitable” first to analyze then read the other article, “Ban Outsourcing.
2491	However, there are a number of topics that will always be productive. If you want to enhance your knowledge and develop your writing skills you should definitely dwell upon them. Rhetorical analysis of the speeches is highly productive.
2492	More specifically I will refer to the rhetorical appeals of ethos, pathos and logos, and explain how they are used to gain the support and attention of the audience and further the further the purpose of the speech.
2493	The Rhetorical in the Music of The Tempest - The Rhetorical in the Music of The Tempest In the midst of a Shakespearean play, there has and always will be a ghost that hovers over the actors and the audience. This is a ghost with a purpose, a ghost I call rhetoric.
2494	The poll found that 46 percent of New Yorkers believe crime is a “very serious” problem — and 44 percent said it’s “somewhat serious.” Just 8 percent said “not very serious.” Those are the lowest numbers in that category since May 2008.
2495	The New York Life Secure Term Choice Fixed Annuity II is issued by New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation (A Delaware Corporation), a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, 51 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010.
2496	The company was founded in 1845 as the Nautilus Insurance Company in New York City, with assets of $17,000. It was renamed the New York Life Insurance Company in 1849.
2497	New York Life Insurance Company (NYLIC) is the largest mutual life-insurance company in the United States, and one of the largest life insurers in the world, ranking #61 on the 2016 Fortune 500 list, with about $550 billion in total assets under management, and more than $21 billion in surplus and AVR.
2498	The New York Life Guaranteed Lifetime Income Annuity II is issued by New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation (NYLIAC), a Delaware corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, 51 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010. Products available in jurisdictions where approved.
2499	“The quality of life in New York City isn’t good and it’s getting worse, many voters think,” said Maurice Carroll, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University poll.
2500	The New York Life Guaranteed Future Income Annuity II is issued by New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation (NYLIAC), a Delaware Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, 51 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010.
2501	More On: New Yorkers believe quality of life in the Big Apple is rotting at the core, a new poll revealed Thursday. Only 33 percent of Gotham residents said life here is “very good” or “good,” the lowest number Quinnipiac University has measured since it first polled on the topic in 1997.
2502	The New York Life Secure Term MVA Fixed Annuity II is issued by New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation (NYLIAC) (A Delaware Corporation), a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, 51 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010.
2503	While New Yorkers approved of City Hall’s $5.9 million settlement with the family of loose-cigarette peddler Eric Garner, who died in a struggle with cops in Staten Island, Big Apple residents still want officers to enforce quality-of-life issues.
2504	So, let’s say a 1/4 pound burger is going to have 132 calories (approximately). Anyway. A 1/3 pound burger will have about 145 calories. Then you need to know how much condiment they put on and whether they put butter or grease on the buns before they toast them.
2505	There are 336 calories in a 1 bun serving of Sonic Hamburger (Bun Only). Calorie breakdown: 26% fat, 61% carbs, 13% protein.
2506	Calories in Hamburger patty, no bun. *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Some of these foods were entered by users and are subject to error.
2507	A basic Sonic Cheeseburger with mustard provides 710 calories, 43 grams of fat, 17grams of saturated fat, 42 grams of carboydrates, 35 grams of protein and 1120 milligrams of sodium. As you might imagine, the larger burgers contain significantly more fat and calories.
2508	McDonalds Hamburger: 240 calories, 8 grams fat, 3 grams saturated fat. Burger King Hamburger: 220 calories, 8 grams fat, 3 grams saturated fat. In-N-Out Burger Hamburger with Onion: 390 calories, 19 grams fat, 5 grams of saturated fat. McDonalds Big Mac: 530 calories, 27 grams fat, 10 grams saturated fat.
2509	Sonic Drive In - Supersonic Double Bacon Cheeseburger, Mustard, No Bun. *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.
2510	Updated December 02, 2016. There is healthy food at Sonic, but it's not always easy to find. Sonic Drive-In nutrition can be hard to sort through. There are many high calorie and high fat burgers, hot dogs and fried food. But there are healthy choices at Sonic, too.
2511	The Big Mac itself is allegedly 530 calories. The Sonic Jr. burger is allegedly 360 calories in the minimal configuration, but you can add cheese, bacon, and another patty if you want to. The big danger with the McDonalds burger is the stuff they sell you on the side: the fries and the soda. A sugar-based soda is loaded with corn syrup.
2512	If you eat out, here's how a few popular burgers compare: 1  McDonalds Hamburger: 240 calories, 8 grams fat, 3 grams saturated fat. 2  Burger King Hamburger: 220 calories, 8 grams fat, 3 grams saturated fat. 3  In-N-Out Burger Hamburger with Onion: 390 calories, 19 grams fat, 5 grams of saturated fat.
2513	There are 538 calories in a 1 serving of sonic supersonic cheeseburger (no bun). Calorie breakdown: 72% fat, 2% carbs, 26% protein.
2514	August 8, 1914 - Britain enacts the Defense of the Realm Act (DORA) granting unprecedented powers to the government to control the economy and daily life. August 12, 1914 - Great Britain and France declare war on Austria-Hungary. Serbia is invaded by Austria-Hungary.August 17, 1914 - Russia invades Germany, attacking into East Prussia, forcing the outnumbered Germans there to fall back.ugust 8, 1914 - Britain enacts the Defense of the Realm Act (DORA) granting unprecedented powers to the government to control the economy and daily life. August 12, 1914 - Great Britain and France declare war on Austria-Hungary. Serbia is invaded by Austria-Hungary.
2515	E-mail this story to a friend. 1939: Britain and France declare war on Germany Britain and France are at war with Germany following the invasion of Poland two days ago.1939: Britain and France declare war on Germany.At 1115 BST the Prime Minister, Neville Chamberlain, announced the British deadline for the withdrawal of German troops from Poland had expired.-mail this story to a friend. 1939: Britain and France declare war on Germany Britain and France are at war with Germany following the invasion of Poland two days ago.
2516	British declaration of war in WW1 In WW1 Britain declared war on Germany on 4 August 1914 shortly after German troops entered Belgium. British declaration of war in WW2 In … WW2 Britain declared war on Germany on 3 September 1939.The British Prime Minister, Neville Chamberlain, declared war on Germany on September 3, 1939, two days after the Nazi Germans invaded and attacked Poland.Obviously, he did so with the backing of Parliament.3rd September 1939. It was a joint declaration of war by Britain and France.reat Britain declared war on Germany and did not come to the rescue of Poland as they had intended to do. They did try to help France defeat the Nazi Germans. It was a failur … e. There was a period of about 4 months duration (I believe it was that long) that was called the Phony War.
2517	British declaration of war in WW2 In … WW2 Britain declared war on Germany on 3 September 1939. The British Prime Minister, Neville Chamberlain, declared war on Germany on September 3, 1939, two days after the Nazi Germans invaded and attacked Poland.Obviously, he did so with the backing of Parliament. 3rd September 1939. It was a joint declaration of war by Britain and France.ritain declared war on Germany in 1914 in response to the German invasion of Belgium. Belgium had been regarded as a neutral state under international law since 1839.
2518	Britain declared war on Germany in 1914 in response to the German invasion of Belgium. Belgium had been regarded as a neutral state under international law since 1839.On 1st August Germany declared war on Russia.ritain declared war on Germany in 1914 in response to the German invasion of Belgium. Belgium had been regarded as a neutral state under international law since 1839.
2519	Report Abuse. Nazi Germany had been annexing territory in Europe during the 1930s, and Britain and France had adopted a policy of appeasement in order to prevent a war.The 1938 Munich Agreement gave Hitler the German-speaking regions of Czechoslovakia, but then the Nazis seized the rest of the country.This showed that appeasement had failed. Britain and France then made a pact with Poland promising to declare war if Germany invaded.On September 1, 1939 the Germans invaded Poland, and World War II began.eport Abuse. Nazi Germany had been annexing territory in Europe during the 1930s, and Britain and France had adopted a policy of appeasement in order to prevent a war.
2520	  In 1939, Canada waited a week to declare war on Germany to show independence from Great Britain. When Britain declared war on Germany in 1914, Canada was automatically i … ncluded as part of the British Empire.ritain declared war on Germany in 1914 in response to the German invasion of Belgium. Belgium had been regarded as a neutral state under international law since 1839.
2521	Publisher. A+E Networks. On the afternoon of this day in 1914, two days after declaring war on Russia, Germany declares war on France, moving ahead with a long-held strategy, conceived by the former chief of staff of the German army, Alfred von Schlieffen, for a two-front war against France and Russia.ublisher. A+E Networks. On the afternoon of this day in 1914, two days after declaring war on Russia, Germany declares war on France, moving ahead with a long-held strategy, conceived by the former chief of staff of the German army, Alfred von Schlieffen, for a two-front war against France and Russia.
2522	A typical example, truly, of German Kultur! At midnight, on August 4, Great Britain declared war on Germany in defence of Belgium's integrity, which she, as well as Germany, had solemnly pledged herself in 1870 to respect. France and Russia also declared war on Germany, and Italy declared her neutrality.reat Britain is in a state of war with Germany. It was officially stated at the Foreign Office last night that Great Britain declared war against Germany at 7.00pm. The British Ambassador in Berlin has been handed his passport.
2523	Great Britain is in a state of war with Germany. It was officially stated at the Foreign Office last night that Great Britain declared war against Germany at 7.00pm. The British Ambassador in Berlin has been handed his passport.reat Britain is in a state of war with Germany. It was officially stated at the Foreign Office last night that Great Britain declared war against Germany at 7.00pm. The British Ambassador in Berlin has been handed his passport.
2524	Bronchiolitis usually starts with a runny nose and congestion. Within 2-3 days, the patient starts coughing, wheezing, and potentially breathing hard. The wheezing and tight breathing usually become worse over 2-3 days and then begin to improve. Overall, the wheeze may last up to 7 days, and the cough up to two weeks.
2525	When to see a doctor. Talk to your doctor if wheezing is mild and is happening for the first time, it's a recurrent, unexplained problem, or it's accompanied by: 1  Difficulty breathing. 2  Rapid breathing. 3  Briefly bluish skin color.
2526	1 Fast, labored breathing: Fluid in the smallest airways (the alveoli) causes pneumonia, an infection due to a virus or bacteria. 2  Pneumonia causes fast, labored breathing, occasionally cyanosis, a persistent cough, and crackly sounds (rales) when listened to with a stethoscope.
2527	Bronchiolitis is a viral infection of the lungs, which affects primarily infants and toddlers. Some or all of the following symptoms are present with bronchiolitis. 1  Wheezing: a high-pitched whistling noise when your child breathes out. 2  You may actually hear this yourself, or a physician may hear wheezing when she listens to your child. 3  Rapid breathing: at a rate of 40 breaths per minute or faster.
2528	1 Deep cough: A blockage in the large bronchi (divisions of the trachea, which lead into the lungs) makes a deep cough. 2  Whistling sound (wheezing): A blockage in the bronchioles (small airways that come from the bronchi) makes a whistling sound when the infant breathes out (as in bronchiolitis or asthma later on).
2529	Share. Bronchiolitis is a common viral infection that affects about a third of babies in their first year (NHS 2012, Willacy 2012) . Babies are most likely to get it in the winter months, between November and March (NHS 2012, Willacy 2012) . Bronchiolitis occurs when the smallest airways of the lungs get infected, becoming swollen and filled with mucus.
2530	Self-care measures. To ease wheezing, try these tips: 1  Moisturize the air. 2  Use a humidifier, take a steamy shower or sit in the bathroom with the door closed while running a hot shower. 3  Moist air might help relieve mild wheezing in some instances. 4  Drink fluids.
2531	If your baby’s bronchiolitis is very severe, he could be in hospital for a while. After having bronchiolitis, some babies may be more likely to have a wheezy chest or cough, particularly while they have a cold (NHS 2011a, Willacy 2012) .
2532	If your baby makes noises when breathing, take note of what they sound like. This will help determine if there is a problem in the breathing passages and where: 1  Whistling noise: A small blockage in the nostrils tends to make a whistling noise that clears when you suction it out. 2  Newborn babies breathe out of their noses, not their mouths.
2533	1 Whistling sound (wheezing): A blockage in the bronchioles (small airways that come from the bronchi) makes a whistling sound when the infant breathes out (as in bronchiolitis or asthma later on).
2534	A surprise nutrient is vitamin B, especially B1 (thiamine) and B6 (pyridoxine). Thiamine is important for maintaining electrolytes and nervous system signal transmissions throughout the body. Pyridoxine is essential for enzymatic functions that convert food into cellular energy.
2535	Watermelon, raw Nutrition Facts & Calories. - In Internet Explorer 7 you will need to adjust the default Shrink To Fit setting. Note: Printing via Mac Firefox is currently not supported. - In Internet Explorer 7 you will need to adjust the default Shrink To Fit setting. Note: Printing via Mac Firefox is currently not supported.
2536	Given its name, you might assume the fruit has little nutritional value—and it is more than 90 percent water. But a 10-ounce (300-mL) wedge of watermelon packs in about one-third of the recommended daily value of vitamins A and C, as well as a modest amount of potassium (9 percent of the daily value).
2537	That's because watermelon is rich in an amino acid called L-citrulline, which the body converts to L-arginine, an essential amino acid that helps relax blood vessels and improve circulation.
2538	For a long time, watermelon has been taken for granted as a sweet, tasty summertime fruit, made of sugar and water, and nothing more. Over the past years, nutritionists, medical professionals, scientists and researchers have taken an interest to find out more about watermelon's health benefits. As it turns out, watermelon is incredibly healthy! The Watermelon Board is proud to say that watermelon is the Lycopene Leader among fresh produce. In addition to its healthy properties and effects on women, children, men and pregnant women, watermelon is an important part of a healthy diet. Nutritionists have long appreciated the health benefits watermelon provides.
2539	Watermelon seed is also rich in micro- and macro-nutrients such as magnesium, calcium, potassium, iron, phosphorous, zinc etc. Besides, the red flesh, in the Arab world, salted and roasted watermelon seeds are also consumed as a snack.
2540	Dr. Decuypere's Nutrient Charts. Use these charts to find the nutrient contents of your favorite fruits, nuts, proteins and vegetables. Click on the links below to visit each chart: Minerals | Vitamins | Fruits | Vegetables | Nuts & Seeds | Legumes | Proteins. Note that only those nutrients which appear in significant quantities are listed. For more detailed information, please visit the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Food & Nutrition Center.
2541	The study's seven participants, all men, were given 17 ounces (500 mL) of either natural watermelon juice, watermelon juice enriched with additional citrulline, or a placebo drink an hour before their workouts. Interestingly, the natural juice was just as effective as the enriched juice. The researchers also determined that intestinal cells can absorb more citrulline from watermelon juice than from citrulline supplements, especially when the juice is unpasteurized. 2. It helps heart health.
2542	1 California about to pass the 'Medical Pedophiles Protection Act' to criminalize journalists for posting videos that document medical abuse of children, seniors and surgical patients.  Plantain, a common driveway weed, is one of nature's most powerful medicines.
2543	Watermelon: nutritional value and health benefits of watermelon flesh. Watermelon is rich in carotenoids. Some of the carotenoids in watermelon include lycopene, phytofluene, phytoene, beta-carotene, lutein, and neurosporene. Lycopene makes up the majority of the carotenoids in watermelon. The carotenoid content varies depending on the variety of the watermelon.
2544	1. Re: Windows 10 and Intel Rapid Start Technology. Please be aware that Intel SRT is not supported under Win 10 at this point. My recommendation at this point is to check with Dell directly and confirm if they have any step to install and make the Intel SRT work under win 10.
2545	1 When you find the program Intel(R) Rapid Storage Technology, click it, and then do one of the following: 2  Windows Vista/7/8: Click Uninstall. 3  Windows XP: Click the Remove or Change/Remove tab (to the right of the program).  Follow the prompts.
2546	1 When you find the program Intel(R) Rapid Storage Technology, click it, and then do one of the following: 2  Windows Vista/7/8: Click Uninstall.  Windows XP: Click the Remove or Change/Remove tab (to the right of the program).
2547	This download installs the Intel® Rapid Storage Technology (Intel® RST) RAID driver version 14.8.0.1042. Drivers. This download installs version 14.0.0.1143 of the Intel® Rapid Storage Technology (Intel® RST) RAID driver. Drivers. This download installs version 13.6.0.1002 of the Intel® Rapid Storage Technology (Intel® RST) RAID driver. Drivers. Installs the Intel® Rapid Storage Technology (Intel® RST) RAID Driver version 13.2.4.1000. Drivers. This download installs version 13.1.0.1058 of the Intel® Rapid Storage Technology (Intel® RST) RAID driver for Windows*. Drivers. This download installs the Intel® Rapid Storage Technology (Intel® RST) RAID driver version 12.9.0.1001.
2548	Windows 10 and Intel Rapid Start Technology. I have a 2013 XPS 15 (9530) and just performed a clean Windows 10 install on it, and whilst putting everything back I realized that the Intel Rapid Start Application has not been updated since 2013 (not be confused with Intel Rapid Store Technology, also IRST, not confusing at all). So my question is .....
2549	Intel Rapid Storage Technology is a program developed by Intel. The most used version is 9.6.0.1014, with over 53% of all installations currently using this version. Upon installation and setup, it defines an auto-start registry entry which makes this program run on each Windows boot for all user logins.
2550	Or, you can uninstall Intel Rapid Storage Technology from your computer by using the Add/Remove Program feature in the Window's Control Panel. On the Start menu (for Windows 8, right-click the screen's bottom-left corner), click Control Panel, and then, under Programs, do one of the following:
2551	One thing you need to know, Intel Rapid Start Technology is different from normal Sleep/Standy. Intel® Rapid Start Technology transitions a system that is in Sleep or Standby, an S3 power state that keeps memory and other components powered, to a hardware power state that does not do so, an S4 power state.
2552	So kajabla was right; the difference between sleep and the new Rapid Start Technology state is the one between S3 and S4, as you say, and it is just 0.001KW of difference; around $1 a year. From the article he linked, the data exposed: PC/Display Power: 0.008 KW avg. while in ACPI S3 Sleep.
2553	So kajabla was right; the difference between sleep and the new Rapid Start Technology state is the one between S3 and S4, as you say, and it is just 0.001KW of difference; around $1 a year. But it's still worth it to use it, of course. We are millions of users so 1W x millions is a lot of energy.
2554	Joe DiMaggio Should Have Been 1936 Rookie of the Year. The New York Yankees' heralded rookie, Joe DiMaggio, made his major league debut on Sunday, May 3, 1936. The greatest center fielder in New York baseball history had suffered a foot injury that delayed his season by a few weeks.
2555	The 1938 Goudey Joe DiMaggio is considered his rookie card, and sells for about $4,000. and up in excellent+ condition. The same card graded by PSA in near/Mint-Mint conditio…n could sell between $15,000. AND $40.000. A good way of finding the value of collectible items is to see what they are selling for at auction.
2556	Joe DiMaggio joined the Yankees for the 1936 season, making his major league debut on May 3 against the St. Louis Browns. He played with a talented team which included members Lou Gehrig, Tony Lazzeri, Red Ruffing and Lefty Gomez. It had been two years since Babe Ruth left the Yankees, and the team was in need of a new era of success.
2557	Joe DiMaggio Stats. Joe DiMaggio was born on Wednesday, November 25, 1914, in Martinez, California. DiMaggio was 21 years old when he broke into the big leagues on May 3, 1936, with the New York Yankees.
2558	When did Joe DiMaggio get a bone spur? He had a bone spur in his left heel for several painful years, but  finally had an operation in the beginning of 1947. He returned for  the season, still had pain, but earne…d the MVP for 1947. The pain  continued in 1948.
2559	What position did Joe DiMaggio play?   Center Field   The first year Joe DiMaggio played he moved around the outfield, but after that he was basically the Yankees center fielder until he retired. In 1950… he played one game at first base, with 13 putouts.
2560	Joe DiMaggio. Joseph Paul Joe DiMaggio (November 25, 1914 – March 8, 1999), nicknamed Joltin' Joe and The Yankee Clipper, was an American Major League Baseball center fielder who played his entire 13-year career for the New York Yankees. He is perhaps best known for his 56-game hitting streak (May 15 – July 16, 1941), a record that still stands.
2561	48 - Joe DiMaggio made his debut on May 3, 1936, and went three-for-six at the plate. By the end of the month (Game by Game Batting Logs), Joe had 48 hits (the most by a rookie during their first month), was batting .381, and only went hitless in two games.
2562	July 27, 2011. The New York Yankees' heralded rookie, Joe DiMaggio, made his major league debut on Sunday, May 3, 1936. The greatest center fielder in New York baseball history had suffered a foot injury that delayed his season by a few weeks.
2563	Bidding ended on 1/31/2016. This lot documents Joe DiMaggio's very first season in the majors. The Yankees paid the San Francisco Seals $75,000 for DiMaggio, an unbelievable price but also a huge risk as he had injured himself just the year before and many big league teams passed on his contract.
2564	When you exceed message sending limits, you might see the following alert messages depending on how you view iCloud Mail: 1  iOS: A copy has been placed in your Outbox. 2  OS X: Cannot send message using the server iCloud. 3  iCloud webmail: 550 5.7.1 membername@icloud.com: You have exceeded your daily sending limit.
2565	Microsoft Outlook 2010 blocks attachments that exceed 20 megabytes (20480 KB). If your attachments exceed this limit, the error message “ The attachment size exceeds the allowable limit ” appears.
2566	This limit applies whether you are adding one large attachment that is greater than 20 megabytes (MB) or several attachments whose sum total size is greater than 20 MB. If you are using an Exchange Server account, the limit is controlled by your Exchange Server administrator.
2567	Your storage space. Your iCloud account includes 5 GB of free storage. This storage is shared with mail, documents, account information, and the iOS settings and app data that are automatically backed up by iCloud. You can also purchase additional storage.
2568	I often receive e-mails with photo's and attempting to forward them to friends is frustrating as it will not forward them without throwing up the error that i have more than 5 attachments and need to limit them. The size on the files is well below the 10-25 mb limit.
2569	I've made some adjustment on your account. Please confirm if you were able to attach more than 5 attachments. Note: A regular Microsoft account can send 50 attachments with a total of 25 MB per message.
2570	Mailbox size and message sending limits in iCloud. Learn more about iCloud Mail account mailbox size and message sending limits. Since iCloud Mail is designed for personal use, there are a few message sending limitations to know about.
2571	If your Exchange Server is configured to use the default limit, you receive this error message if the sum total of the attachments is greater than 10 MB (10240 KB). Only your Exchange Server administrator can change this limit.
2572	Even if your message doesn’t exceed the Outlook or Exchange Server attachment size limits, there is a chance your recipient’s email provider might block messages that include large attachments. To help reduce the size of attachments that you send in Outlook, see Reduce the size of pictures and attachments. In addition to mail provider limits on total message size, sending large attachments through email is not always the best solution.
2573	When you exceed message sending limits, you might see the following alert messages depending on how you view iCloud Mail: 1  iOS: A copy has been placed in your Outbox. 2  Sending the message failed because you exceeded your sending limit. 3  OS X: Cannot send message using the server iCloud.
2574	However, lead is not the only divalent (2) transition metal ion available to combine with MoO4 ions, It is trace amounts of vanadium, manganese, chromium, and titanium that depart the wonderful yellow, orange, and red colors. These elements do this by absorbing the violet, blue and green visible spectra.
2575	As an oxidation zone mineral, wulfenite is often associated with other metals and their oxidation products. Cerussite (PbCO3), vanadinite (Pb5(VO4)3Cl), and mimetite (Pb5(AsO4)3Cl) are natural associations given the presence of lead in the mineral formula.
2576	Molybdenum minerals have been known throughout history, but the element was discovered (in the sense of differentiating it as a new entity from the mineral salts of other metals) in 1778 by Carl Wilhelm Scheele. The metal was first isolated in 1781 by Peter Jacob Hjelm.
2577	Molybdenum is a chemical element with symbol Mo and atomic number 42. The name is from Neo-Latin molybdaenum, from Ancient Greek μόλυβδος molybdos, meaning lead, since its ores were confused with lead ores.
2578	Molybdenum does not occur naturally as a free metal on Earth; it is found only in various oxidation states in minerals. The free element, a silvery metal with a gray cast, has the sixth-highest melting point of any element.
2579	In addition to coloring elements, other impurities or factors exist that have also been linked to the color of minerals. Such things as elemental fluorine, sulfur, and chlorine; trace amounts of carbonate and other ion groups; chlorine and fluorine ions and even structural defects.
2580	With a density of 6.5-7.0 (quartz is 2.65, calcite is 2.71), wulfenite is among the densest of all transparent minerals. However, because most of the elemental bonding in wulfenite is due to weak ionic bonds, wulfenite is soft, registering just 2.5-3.0 on the Mohs scale, or slightly softer than calcite.
2581	Stolzite-Wulfenite Series. A secondary mineral typically found as thin tabular crystals with a bright orange-red, yellow-orange, yellow or yellowish grey colour in the oxidised zones of hydrothermal lead deposits.
2582	They can cause a mineral to always be a certain color if they are part of the chemistry of the mineral. However, if there is just a trace of these elements, they still can strongly influence the color of the mineral. Even tiny amounts of these elements can deeply colored minerals. It is erroneously thought that certain elements cause only certain colors and there is some truth to that.
2583	Wulfenite, etc. Wulfenite, etc. Orange-yellow, yellow, ... Re-named in 1845 by Wilhelm Karl von Haidinger in honor of Franz Xavier von Wulfen [November 5, 1728 Belgrade, Serbia - March 16, 1805 Klagenfurt, Austria], botanist, mineralogist, alpinist and member of the Order of the Society of Jesus (Jesuit).
2584	Pikeville, Kentucky. Pikeville (/ˈpaɪkvəl/) is a city in and the county seat of Pike County, Kentucky, United States.[3] During the 2010 U.S. Census, the population within Pikeville's city limits was 6,903. In Kentucky's current city classification system, Pikeville is a home rule-class city, a category that includes all of the state's more than 400 cities except for the two largest, Louisville and Lexington.
2585	Pike County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 65,024.[1] Its county seat is Pikeville.[2] The county was founded in 1821.[3]
2586	Census Online > Links > Kentucky > Pike Co. (21 Links) Links to Online Census Records. Pike Co., Kentucky.
2587	In 2015, the census tract with the highest Median Household Income in Pike County, KY was Census Tract 302 with a value of $44,471, followed by Census Tract 312 and Census Tract 313, with respective values of $42,500 and $40,423.
2588	QuickFacts Pike County, Kentucky; UNITED STATES. QuickFacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
2589	Perry County, Kentucky Federal Census Index; Year: Roll: ED's: Images: Transcription Status: Transcriber: 1830: M19-40 : Linda Manlove: Chris Page: 1840: M704-122 : Chris Page: 1850: M432-216 : Louise Gaskill: 1850 Slave: M432-227 : 1860: M653-392 : Connie Spurlock: 1860 Slave: M653-405 : 1870: M593-494 : 1880: T9-438 : 1890* Special Federal Schedule: M123-3 : 1900: T623-548
2590	97.99%. 1  Graph: Population by Age and Race - Pike County, Kentucky. 2  Graph: Population by Age and Race, 2000 Census - Pike County, Kentucky. 3  Graph: Change in Population between 2000 and 2010, by Age and Race - Pike County, Kentucky. 4  Graph: Population by Age and Hispanic or Latino Origin, 2010 Census - Pike County, Kentucky.
2591	Pike County was founded on December 19, 1821. The county was named for General Zebulon Pike, the explorer who discovered Pikes Peak. On May 6, 1893, Pikeville officially became a city and the county seat. Pike County is Kentucky's largest county in terms of land area. According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of 788.84 square miles, of which 787.69 square miles is land and 1.15 square miles is water. Also according to the 2010 census, the population was 65,024 which makes Pike County the 11th largest county in Kentucky in terms of population. Pike County has trademarked itself as America's Energy CapitalTM, because of its vast coal and natural gas reserves.
2592	1790 Pike County, Kentucky Census Records Free 1790 Census Form for your Research Hosted at Ancestry.com – 14 Days Free Hosted at Census Guide 1800 U.S. Census Guide 1800 Pike County, Kentucky Census Records Free 1800 Census Form for your Research Hosted at Ancestry.com – 14 Days Free Hosted at Census Guide 1800 U.S. Census […]
2593	1850 Pike County, Kentucky Census Records. 1  Hosted at Free 1850 Census Form for your Research. 2  Hosted at Ancestry.com – 14 Days Free 1850 Pike County, Kentucky Census Images $. 1850 Pike County, Kentucky Slave Schedule 3  $. Hosted at Pike County USGenWeb Archives Project Census Index File 1 Of 4. Census Index File 2 Of 4.
2594	Salmond defined four modes of acquiring property. They are Possession Possession of a material object on which the title to the ownership of it exists in a person. In general, the first possessor of it will acquire a valid and good title over the object against the world. Prescription
2595	Prescription is also a vital mode of acquiring a territory under the traditional international law. The traditional international law asserts that prescription is closely related to lawful occupation, and it entails the actual exercise of sovereignty over a territory.
2596	Traditional international law asserts several modes of acquiring territory as cession, occupation, prescription, accretion, and conquest. Cession refers to the transfer of a territory to another state by an agreement or treaty.
2597	Property is defined as a thing that is recognized as having some value by the society and that which is being held by a person. Salmond defined four modes of acquiring property. They are. Possession Possession of a material object on which the title to the ownership of it exists in a person. In general, the first possessor of it will acquire a valid and good title over the object against the world.
2598	Modes of acquisition of property. Property is defined as a thing that is recognized as having some value by the society and that which is being held by a person. Salmond defined four modes of acquiring property. Possession Possession of a material object on which the title to the ownership of it exists in a person.
2599	Accretion also abounds as another mode of acquiring a territory under the traditional international law. Notably, accretion involves the effect of natural forces such as volcanism. For instance, in cases where natural activities such as volcanism takes place and volcanic islands emerge in a state’s territorial waters, it would have the right to acquire territory.
2600	Another significant mode of acquiring sovereignty is effective occupation. According to the traditional international law, occupation is the effective control of a territory exercised by a power that has no sovereign title to the land through either defiance or absence of a proper sovereign.
2601	Retrieved from http://www.lawnotes.in/w/index.php?title=Modes_of_acquisition_of_property&oldid=986
2602	Lapse of time could create a right or destroy a right. Hence this mode can be positive or negative. It is a combination of possession and ownership. Agreement It is a legal ownership on the property to the transferee. The agreement could be in oral or written form; Inheritance This can be of the form of testamentary succession or interstate
2603	The last vital mode of acquisition of a territory is conquest. Conquest refers to the acquisition of a territory using force. It involves armed attacks to the territory hence bringing it under the control of a state in a forceful manner. It was historically a recognized as a legal method of acquiring sovereignty.
2604	Add the zucchini noodles and cook briefly. Place the zucchini noodles in the boiling water and cook until they are tender but not quite falling apart. 1  The exact amount of cooking time will vary depending on how soft you want the zucchini noodles and how dry they are when you start.2  The main thing to remember is simply to keep an eye on them.dd the zucchini noodles to the hot oil and saute sauté them for 6 to 7, minutes stirring. 1  Frequently keep a close eye on the zucchini noodles as they. 2  Cook this cooking method produces noodles that are tender yet slightly crispier than those created through the boiling.  method
2605	1 Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. 2  Add half the zucchini and cook, stirring twice, until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. 3  Transfer to a plate and repeat with the remaining tablespoon of oil and zucchini. Check Kosher salt and black pepper. 2  Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. 3  Add half the zucchini and cook, stirring twice, until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes.
2606	If serving alone plate and garnish with basil chiffonade and grated cheese of choice. Spiral Zucchini without pasta. 7. If including pasta in your dish: drain your pasta, place on a serving platter and then pour the spiral zucchini and beans sauce over it. To cut the carbs in this dish use only half a pound of pasta.Thanks for taking the time to stop by and read the recipe.f serving alone plate and garnish with basil chiffonade and grated cheese of choice. Spiral Zucchini without pasta. 7. If including pasta in your dish: drain your pasta, place on a serving platter and then pour the spiral zucchini and beans sauce over it. To cut the carbs in this dish use only half a pound of pasta.
2607	Add the zucchini noodles to the hot oil and saute sauté them for 6 to 7, minutes stirring. 1  Frequently keep a close eye on the zucchini noodles as they. 2  Cook if you allow them to stick to one spot for too, long they may begin to, burn stick to the, pan and fall.  apartdd the zucchini noodles to the hot oil and saute sauté them for 6 to 7, minutes stirring. 1  Frequently keep a close eye on the zucchini noodles as they. 2  Cook this cooking method produces noodles that are tender yet slightly crispier than those created through the boiling.  method
2608	Instructions: 1  Preheat your oven to 200 degrees. 2  Wash and peel your squash. 3  Insert the ⅛-inch slicing disc into your spiral slicer. 4  Alternatively, use a julienne slicer to cut thin strands of zucchini. 5  Place the noodles on a cookie sheet lined with paper towels. “ 6 Sweat” the noodles in the oven for 30 minutes until the paper towels have absorbed ... Insert the ⅛-inch slicing disc into your spiral slicer. 2  Place 1 squash on the prongs and line up the de-seeding hole in the middle of the end of the squash. 3  Turn the crank until you’ve reached the end and have beautiful noodles! 4  Alternatively, use a julienne slicer to cut thin strands of zucchini.
2609	1 Then, you can put the veggies in the fridge for later or continue the cooking process. 2  Bring a pot of water to boiling on the stove and add a little salt. 3  Throw in the noodles to cook for just two to three minutes. 4  They cook very quickly, and if you wait too long they will get mushy.5  Strain the noodles. It takes about one minute to fully spiralize an average-sized squash. 2  Then, you can put the veggies in the fridge for later or continue the cooking process. 3  Bring a pot of water to boiling on the stove and add a little salt. 4  Throw in the noodles to cook for just two to three minutes.
2610	1 Bring a pot of water to boiling on the stove and add a little salt. 2  Throw in the noodles to cook for just two to three minutes. 3  They cook very quickly, and if you wait too long they will get mushy. 4  Strain the noodles. It takes about one minute to fully spiralize an average-sized squash. 2  Then, you can put the veggies in the fridge for later or continue the cooking process. 3  Bring a pot of water to boiling on the stove and add a little salt. 4  Throw in the noodles to cook for just two to three minutes.
2611	1 If you do happen to dry the zucchini noodles out beforehand, you can still use this cooking method. 2  Simply add 2 to 3 Tbsp (30 to 45 ml) of water to the dish with the zucchini noodles to provide the noodles with just enough moisture to keep from drying out.dd the zucchini noodles to the hot oil and saute sauté them for 6 to 7, minutes stirring. 1  Frequently keep a close eye on the zucchini noodles as they. 2  Cook this cooking method produces noodles that are tender yet slightly crispier than those created through the boiling.  method
2612	Add the zucchini noodles to the hot oil and saute sauté them for 6 to 7, minutes stirring. 1  Frequently keep a close eye on the zucchini noodles as they. 2  Cook this cooking method produces noodles that are tender yet slightly crispier than those created through the boiling.  methoddd the zucchini noodles to the hot oil and saute sauté them for 6 to 7, minutes stirring. 1  Frequently keep a close eye on the zucchini noodles as they. 2  Cook this cooking method produces noodles that are tender yet slightly crispier than those created through the boiling.  method
2613	Once the zucchini pasta is cut, you can salt and drain the zucchini in a colander to remove some of the moisture. Let it drain for at least 20 minutes, then press the zucchini to remove the liquid or lay it on a dish towel to dry.r just add it to the pan with whatever sauce you are making for the last few minutes of cooking. Zucchini pasta works well with just about any sauce and also makes a great cold salad. Here are a few different ways to make zucchini pasta: 1  Use a vegetable peeler to make long thin strips of zucchini.
2614	Four Year Old McKenna sings I'm Gonna Love You Through It. To Her Mommy Who's Battling Cancer. By danyell hopper · Oct 08, 2015 · 563,300 views. If this doesn't make you cry,I don't know what will. Four year old McKenna sings I'm Gonna Love You Through It by Martina McBride to her mommy who's battling Hodgkin Lymphoma.
2615	When I Get Where I'm Going. When I Get Where I'm Going' is a song written by George Teren and Rivers Rutherford, and recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley. It was released in October 2005 as second single from his album Time Well Wasted and is his 14th career single (not counting album cuts). The song features harmony vocals from Dolly Parton.
2616	In my generation, it was Lee Dorsey. Wikipedia relates that this is a song with music and lyrics by the American musician and record producer Allen Toussaint. It was an international hit for Lee Dorsey in 1966, and has been recorded by other musicians including Devo in 1981..
2617	I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) is a song written and performed by Scottish duo The Proclaimers, and first released as the lead single from their 1988 album Sunshine on Leith.
2618	Submit Corrections Cancel. 1  When I get where I'm going. On the far side of the sky. 2  Yeah, when I get where I'm going. There'll be only happy tears. 3  I'm gonna walk with my grandaddy. And he'll match me step for step.  Yeah, when I get where I'm going. There'll be only happy tears. I will shed the sins and struggles. I have carried all these years. And I'll leave my heart wide open. I will love and have no fear. Yeah, when I get where I'm going. Don't cry for me down here.
2619	Prince- Raspberry Beret.... Going down down down cause that's the only way to make this cruel cruel world hear what we gotta say.... ...apologies for any misheard lyrics, I'm typing this up from memory.
2620	On the far side of the sky. The first thing that I'm gonna do. Is spread my wings and fly. I'm gonna land beside a lion. And run my fingers through his mane. Or I might find out what it's like. To ride a drop of rain. Yeah, when I get where I'm going.
2621	Martina McBride‘s “I’m Gonna Love You Through It” is a sensitive, painfully accurate song about a loved one struggling with cancer. “When you’re weak, I’ll be strong,” McBride sings, “When you let go, I’ll hold on.”. As you can imagine, it is a positively gut-wrenching song.
2622	Four Year Old McKenna sings I'm Gonna Love You Through It. To Her Mommy Who's Battling Cancer. If this doesn't make you cry,I don't know what will. Four year old McKenna sings I'm Gonna Love You Through It by Martina McBride to her mommy who's battling Hodgkin Lymphoma.
2623	I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) has become a live staple at the Proclaimers' concerts. The duo played it at Edinburgh 50,000 – The Final Push at Murrayfield Stadium on 6 July 2005, the final concert of Live 8, to symbolise the conclusion of The Long Walk to Justice.
2624	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Games People Play is a song written, composed and performed by American singer-songwriter Joe South, released at the end of 1968, that won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Song and the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
2625	This led him to publish Games People Play and to found the International Transactional Analysis Association. He led an active life and continued his psychotherapist and writing duties up until his death in 1970.
2626	1 This was published in Life Magazine in June 1965 and is printed in the U.S. paperback copy of Games.  An important essay by past ITAA President Dr. James Allen on the impact of Games People Play. This was published for the 40th anniversary of Games in 2004.
2627	Writer(s) Joe South. Games People Play is a song written, composed and performed by American singer-songwriter Joe South, released at the end of 1968, that won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Song and the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
2628	Games People Play is the bestselling book by Psychiatrist Dr. Eric Berne which uncovered the dynamics of human relationships. In Games, Berne introduced his theory of Transactional Analysis to the population at large. Since the publication of Games People Play in 1964 to the updated 40th anniversary edition in 2004, over 5 million copies have been sold worldwide in nearly 20 languages.
2629	Games People Play. Single by Joe South. Games People Play is a song written, composed and performed by American singer-songwriter Joe South, released at the end of 1968, that won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Song and the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
2630	Influence of Games People Play on Others. Games People Play had a tremendous impact both of readers worldwide as well as students of Dr. Berne. By the time Games was published in 1964, Berne’s theory of Transactional Analysis was already six years old and had developed loyal following.
2631	Producer(s) Joe South. Games People Play is a song written, composed and performed by American singer-songwriter Joe South, released at the end of 1968, that won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Song and the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
2632	In 1966, The New York Times described how Eric Berne played games with Frank Sinatra in a famous article. And in 2004, the Times illustrated how Games People Play and I’m OK – You’re OK were the first “self-help” books published.
2633	Oh, the games people play now. Every night and every day now. Never meaning what they say now. Never saying what they mean. And they wile away the hours. In their ivory towers. Till they're covered up with flowers.
2634	There are a number of reasons that you can ask the court to dismiss the lawsuit. For instance, you can ask that the court dismiss for: 1  Lack of Jurisdiction (ie if the court does not have personal jurisdiction over you). 2  Insufficiency of Service of Process (ie if the Plaintiff did not properly serve the summons/complaint).
2635	To obtain certified copies of a civil file or document the court must provide a copy for certification (i.e. you cannot bring in a copy from home). For cases and documents filed after November 13, 2007, all public documents may be viewed via the public access site.
2636	In addition, the date on which the claim arose, the nature of the claim and the nature of the relief you are requesting has to be included. C HARGES: Before the magistrate court accepts a civil complaint, filing fees, court costs and service of process fees involving the court must be paid.
2637	Most civil court files are public records and may be viewed by anyone. To see a court file you must present valid picture identification, such as a current driver's license. A copy machine is available in the Records Unit and copies cost $0.25 per copy. Copy cards cost $1.00 and can be purchased at the dispensers located in Room 101. The dispensers accept only $1.00 bills.
2638	A NSWER R EQUIREMENT: The defendant is usually required to file and answer with the court within 20 days or receiving service (or 30 days if service is accepted by an agent or attorney-in-fact authorized to accept service). The defendant must provide you as plaintiff a copy of the answer.
2639	How you choose to respond to the lawsuit will depend on the facts of your case. Prior to making a decision on how or whether to respond to the summons and complaint, you may wish to visit Overview of a Civil Action prior to taking the following steps: Step 1: Understand The Deadline For Responding To The Lawsuit.
2640	After the Plaintiff gets a default judgment, they can then seek to attach your bank account(s), garnish your wages, etc. Step 2: Evaluate Your Options. Once you have been served with a civil complaint, you have a number of decisions that you need to make. Short of negotiating a resolution with the Plaintiff, you can: A. File an Answer.
2641	2. If the defendant denies or admits the matters set forth in the complaint, but does not actually confess judgment, a trial date will be set. You as the plaintiff and the defendant may still reach an out-of-court settlement before that date. 3. If the defendant admits in part and denies in part the matters set forth in the complaint, a trial date will be set. You as the plaintiff and the defendant may still reach an out-of-court settlement before that date.
2642	Click here for information on how to file electronically. Step 4: Give The Plaintiff A Copy Of Your Response. In general, you must give the other party a copy of any document that you file with the Court. If that party is represented by an attorney, you must give the documents to the attorney instead of the other party.
2643	 You also may hire a private process server or get another person who is over the age of 18 and is not a party, to attempt personal delivery of the complaint and the summons. If a private process server is to attempt service of process, no process fees are paid to the court.
2644	From our kitchen to yours. Triple stacked whole grain goodness! Celebrate Roman Meal Company's 100th anniversary with this hearty club sandwich. Grilled salmon salad is flavored with a hint of fresh lemon and paired with crisp lettuce and wholesome whole grain bread.
2645	Edible by. Humans. Mealbread was a type of bread which was served in the mess halls of the First Order's Starkiller Base. The four human stormtroopers of the FN Corps ate mealbread alongside slivers of meat and numian cream while training on Starkiller Base, a meal designed more for efficiency than flavor.
2646	RomanMealTeam Mar 24, 2011 Roman Meal bread is baked and distributed by various bakeries around the country, under license agreements. As a result, there are... Roman Meal bread is baked and distributed by various bakeries around the country, under license agreements.
2647	Roman Meal Wasn't Built in a Day. Bread was the Matthaei family’s calling when they opened a bakery in Marburg, Germany, in 1686. In 1872, master baker Henry Matthaei moved to Kansas City where he opened a bakery. And, following family tradition, his son, William, also became a master baker.
2648	Edible by. Mealbread was a type of bread which was served in the mess halls of the First Order's Starkiller Base. The four human stormtroopers of the FN Corps ate mealbread alongside slivers of meat and numian cream while training on Starkiller Base, a meal designed more for efficiency than flavor.
2649	I didn't even think your bread was... It's amazing to me that the Roman Meal Bread team trolls the chowhound websites, who know. I didn't even think your bread was in production anymore. I ate your bread back in the early 80's. Now I make my own Roman meal style whole grain.
2650	Quick Answer. Roman Meal bread can be found in stores like Walmart or supermarkets like Wegmans. These breads are baked fresh by selected bakeries and then distributed to grocery shops around the United States. Additionally, Roman Meal breads are also sold in some countries outside of the United States.
2651	Whole wheat bread or wholemeal bread is a type of bread made using flour that is partly or entirely milled from whole or almost-whole wheat grains, see whole-wheat flour and whole grain. It is one kind of brown bread. Synonyms or near-synonyms for whole-wheat bread outside the United States (e.g., the UK) are whole grain bread or wholemeal bread.
2652	Hello everybody, I'm a newbie that is very much interested in bread making. I have a particular question about wholemeal flour. When my sis and I are in the UK, we buy and eat Wholemeal bread - which is delicious! My sis has problems eating whole wheat bread in the US, but no problem with Wholemeal bread at all. I'm unable to find wholemeal flour anywhere. Now I'm wondering if Wholemeal is just the UK term for Whole wheat.
2653	If the shops in your area do not stock Roman Meal bread, you can try to make a product request using an online form at the Roman Meal website. Fill in your details and your preferred grocery store, and Roman Meal will contact you via e-mail when their bread is available in your area.
2654	(Our system, TreasuryDirect, allows only noncompetitive bids.) 1  Good News! You can now add or edit bank accounts in TreasuryDirect. 2  Taxpayers: Beware of tax-related scams. 3  Watch our TreasuryDirect demo on how to login to your account.  Watch our demo on how to buy a gift savings bond In TreasuryDirect.
2655	When did the U.S. start using paper money? On February 3, 1690, the Massachusetts Bay Colony issued the first paper money in the U.S., in order to pay for its war. Massachusetts was a truly pioneering colony when it came to money. They were also the first to mint their own silver coins in 1652, despite a British law against it.
2656	A: Yes. Under the 1935 law, what we now think of as Social Security only paid retirement benefits to the primary worker. A 1939 change in the law added survivors benefits and benefits for the retiree's spouse and children. In 1956 disability benefits were added.
2657	A brief history of the passport. The concept of being under one ruler's protection, while in the lands of another, has probably existed since rulers and lands were first invented, but the earliest mention of an object we might recognise as a passport appears in the Bible, in the often overlooked boo of Nehemiah.
2658	They have replaced United States Notes, which were once issued by the Treasury Department. Federal Reserve Notes are backed by the assets of the Federal Reserve Banks, which serve as collateral under Section 16.
2659	The authority of the Federal Reserve Banks to issue notes comes from the Federal Reserve Act of 1913. Legally, they are liabilities of the Federal Reserve Banks and obligations of the United States government.
2660	By this point the term passport was being used, although whether it originated with the idea of people passing through maritime ports or through the gates in city walls (portes in French) remains a matter for debate. A passport from this period, issued on June 18 1641 and signed by Charles I, still exists. From 1794, the office of the secretary of state took control of issuing passports, a function that the Home Office retains today.
2661	Here are some important facts about the FRN: 1  All ULS and ASR users that have existing licenses and were registered in the ULS TIN Registration database prior to December 3, 2001, were issued an FRN. 2  If you do not have an FRN, you must register with the FCC.
2662	A: A fellow named Ernest Ackerman got a payment for 17 cents in January 1937. This was a one-time, lump-sum pay-out--which was the only form of benefits paid during the start-up period January 1937 through December 1939.
2663	All ULS and ASR users that have existing licenses and were registered in the ULS TIN Registration database prior to December 3, 2001, were issued an FRN. Search by your call sign in ULS License Search (accessible from the ULS Home). Your FRN will appear on the License Search results page. If you do not have an FRN, you must register with the FCC. Once you have registered, you must return to ULS and associate any existing call signs you have with your new FRN.
2664	The Apennines or Apennine Mountains (/ ˈ æ p ən aɪ n /; Greek: Ἀπέννινα ὄρη; Latin: Appenninus or Apenninus Mons —a singular used in the plural; Italian: Appennini [appenˈniːni]) are a mountain range consisting of parallel smaller chains extending c. 1,200 km (750 mi) along the length of peninsular Italy.
2665	The Umbrian Apennines extend from the sources of the Tiber to (or perhaps rather beyond) the pass of Scheggia near Cagli, where the ancient Via Flaminia crosses the range. The highest point is the Monte Nerone (5010 feet).
2666	The Abruzzi Apennines, located in Abruzzo, Molise (formerly part of Abruzzo) and southeastern Lazio, contain the highest peaks and most rugged terrain of the Apennines. They are known in history as the territory of the Italic peoples first defeated by the city of Rome.
2667	The Apennines Mountains Map and Details print this map The source of almost all rivers in Italy including the Arno, Tiber, and Volturno, the Apennines Mountains (Ital. Appennino) 830 miles (1,350km) in length, form the backbone of the country, and run the entire length of the Italian Peninsula, ending on the island of Sicily. The highest point is Mt. Corno at 9,560 ft. (2,914 meters). They are no longer as heavily forested as in the past, as most of the slopes had been harvested over the centuries. Modern conservation and reforestation methods have really helped, and much of the new-growth is now protected by law.
2668	This section of the Apennines is crossed by two railways, from Pistoia to Bologna and from Florence to Faenza, and by several good high roads, of which the direct road from Florence to Bologna over the Futa pass is of Roman origin; and certain places in it are favourite summer resorts.
2669	They lend their name to the Apennine peninsula which forms the major part of Italy. The mountains are mostly green and wooded, although one side of the highest peak, Corno Grande (2,912 m), is partially covered by the southernmost glacier in Europe.
2670	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. The Apennine Mountains (Greek: απεννινος; Latin: Appenninus--in both cases used in the singular; Italian: Appennini) is a mountain range stretching 1000 km from the north to the south of Italy along its east coast, traversing the entire peninsula, and forming, as it were, the backbone of the country.
2671	The Apennine Mountains (Greek: Απεννινος; Latin: Appenninus--in both cases used in the singular; Italian: Appennini) is a mountain range stretching 1000 km from the north to the south of Italy along its east coast, traversing the entire peninsula, and forming, as it were, the backbone of the country.
2672	Apennines (Appennino) Mountain range extending the length of Italy, a continuation of the Pennine Alps. The ‘backbone’ of Italy, it stretches c.1350km (840mi) from the Genoese Riviera to the tip of the country's ‘toe’. Unselective deforestation over the years caused deep erosion and landslides.
2673	The ancient Greeks and Romans typically but not always used mountain in the singular to mean one or a range; thus, the Apennine mountain refers to the entire chain and is translated the Apennine mountains. The ending can vary also by gender depending on the noun modified.
2674	Max Headroom. Max Headroom is the name of a fictional faux computer-generated character, known for his wit and stuttering, distorted, electronically-sampled voice. The character was created by George Stone, Annabel Jankel and Rocky Morton and portrayed by Matt Frewer.
2675	Frewer on April 23, 2007. Frewer portrayed the artificial intelligence character Max Headroom in the 1980s, starring in the eponymous science fiction television movie of (1985) followed by The Original Max Talking Headroom Show (1987) and an American series based upon the 1985 movie, titled Max Headroom (1987–1988).
2676	Choose a player below then copy & paste the embed code below into your web page, blog, or email. 1  16x16. 24x24. 2  100% x 25 (Can scale to fit horizontally, min. width of 140px) 300x28.
2677	Max Headroom (character) Max Headroom is the name of a fictional faux computer-generated character, known for his wit and stuttering, distorted, electronically-sampled voice. The character was created by George Stone, Annabel Jankel and Rocky Morton and portrayed by Matt Frewer.
2678	Best known as that late '80s cyber-icon, Max Headroom, Matt Frewer is the son of a career Canadian Navy officer and was raised in Victoria, British Columbia and Ottawa, Ontario. Credits.
2679	Frewer's most recent performances include a cameo appearance as the Max Headroom character in the Adam Sandler comedy Pixels (2015), plus a portrayal of General #2 in the Steven Spielberg picture The BFG (2016) (an adaptation of Roald Dahl's children's novel of the same name).
2680	Max Headroom. It was ahead of its ti-ti-time. There's a scene in Back to the Future Part II in which Marty McFly, having traveled to the year 2015, walks into a retro diner. Marty is greeted by a digital maitre d' with white hair, a gentle voice, and smooth, almost plastic skin.
2681	Best known as that late '80s cyber-icon, Max Headroom, Matt Frewer is the son of a career Canadian Navy officer and was raised in Victoria, British Columbia and Ottawa, Ontario. His first love was sports, serving as quarterback on his high school football team, but a serious hockey…more.
2682	He was also great as Sid the Squid on Batman: The Animated Series. It's a shame he hasn't done much voice acting in recent years, hopefully that will change in the near future. Happy Birthday Matt Frewer! He just has this voice that oozes creepiness yet psychotic with a hint of comedy sprinkled into the mix. He was excellent in roles such as Jackal, The Leader and Panic.
2683	Download Email. This is Max Headroom, and I'll be back in a minute.. Max Headroom announces it is time for a commercial break from his 1980's TV series.
2684	It’s been a contentious battle between Mary and Steve Harvey, who have been battling over custody of their son, Wynton, who lives with Steve. According to Mary, the two have been battling since 2005.
2685	Audio: Steve Harvey Has Ex-Wife Mary Thrown in Jail and She’s Pissed! *Mary Harvey, the ex-wife of comedian Steve Harvey, who hosts “Family Feud” and a nationally syndicated radio show, recently made a phone call to blast the “Family Feud” host, who had her thown in jail over the Halloween weekend.
2686	Mugshot Mania – Steve Harvey’s Ex-Wife Gets ‘Jail’ For Christmas… [PHOTOS + VIDEO] Mary Vaughn Harvey, the ex-wife of comedian/relationship guru Steve Harvey posed for the mugshot above after being arrested in Collin County, Texas last Thursday (December 19, 2013).
2687	But every once in a while, you come across a story that reminds us all of the power of forgiveness. Steve presented two stories of police interacting with the public – each with a very different circumstances, but both with similar end results. Steve chatted with former police officer ANDREW COLLINS and one of several men that he framed for drug possession, JAMEEL McGEE. Andrew admitted that he got a rush from the praise he would receive from making a big arrest with the narcotics unit.
2688	Steve Harvey's ex-wife speaks out from behind bars following arrest. The former wife of entertainer Steve Harvey was arrested Thursday after a judge found her in contempt of court. She remains in jail in Collin County. The former wife of entertainer Steve Harvey was arrested Thursday after a judge found her in contempt of court. She remains in jail in Collin County. The civil matter is the latest in their legal fight that has gone on for several years.
2689	He’s a coward and a bitch, and he always has been,” said Mary. “I’m going to the drugstore and the next thing you know, my ass is in jail like I shot somebody or something. Continuing, she said, “It’s trick or treat. You don’t get the treat, you get the trick. It’s like trick or treat, bitch. He won’t get off my back, plain and simple.”. As of this posting, the Steve Harvey camp had not responded to our request for a response to Mary’s comments.
2690	Good Deeds! #RHOA Kenya Moore Pledges to Match #GoFundMe Funds for Howard Student…. Mary Vaughn Harvey, the ex-wife of comedian/relationship guru Steve Harvey posed for the mugshot above after being arrested in Collin County, Texas last Thursday (December 19, 2013).
2691	Steve Harvey Headed To Jail! Everyone in Hollywood is trading in their old wives for newer versions. Dwyane Wade, George Lopez, and Kevin Hart, don’t have a thing on Steve Harvey. Harvey worked relentlessly to seal his top spot in Tinseltown. Once he made it big, he felt obligated to dump his wife, Mary Harvey. Mary is pickled, and although courts have tried to shush her, she gave Enquirer an exclusive interview.
2692	Did Lee Harvey Oswald go to jail? Oswald was arrested, but not for the assassination of the  President. On November 22, 1963, about 45 minutes after the  shooting at Dealey Plaza, Oswald had been stopped by …Dallas police  officer J.D. Tippit for questioning. He shot and killed the officer  at point blank range.    Shortly thereafter, Oswald was arrested as the suspect in the  shooting of the police officer. He was in possession of a .38  caliber revolver (which ballistics later matched to the bullet that  killed Officer Tippit).
2693	When he went to prison, he came clean on all of his lies, resulting in more than 50 inmates being released! In the ten years that have passed, Andrew and Jameel’s paths have crossed several times, with Jameel choosing forgiveness. We heard how Jameel’s forgiveness has affected both men.
2694	Aluminum oxide is a common sandpaper type that works on wood, plastic, metal and drywall. The particles break during sanding, constantly exposing new, sharp edges. Aluminum oxide sandpaper is long-lasting, making it a popular choice for power sanding, but you can also use it for hand sanding.
2695	Soap stops the sanding grit clogging up with metal. Aluminum galls into files and sandpaper more than any other common metal. Sandpaper ELI5: Sandpaper is rated by how many 'grits' are in each square inch. 80 grit is rough with 80 large 'grits' per square inch, 800 has 800 small 'grits' per square inch.
2696	Metal Surface Finishing. CS Unitec offers professional power tools and abrasive accessories, including metal polish machines, for surface finishing on steel, stainless steel, aluminum and other metals, as well as rigid plastics and wood. The value is in the engineering... the payback is in the performance.™.
2697	Sandpaper is available for use with power tools and for sanding by hand: Power-sanding products remove material quickly and efficiently. They're a good choice for getting rid of blemishes and for shaping and leveling wood. Power sanding is an effective method of preparing metal surfaces for paint.
2698	What's the best way to sand aluminum? I'm a complete noob and I have seen some varying discussion about wet sanding and dry. From what I understand wet sanding seems to be the better of the two and everyone seems to suggest a little dish soap or some kind of soap.
2699	- Ideally suited for use with 3M abrasive and Scotch-Brite™ belts for a variety of metalworking applications. Grind, deburr and blend from contact wheel or platen, finish and polish from slack of belt.
2700	Just to add what's already been said, 600 grit will make the metal a white-ish color. This is about the roughest grit that won't look like a bunch of scratch marks or grain. Getting up to around 2000 will start to make aluminum shiny, but you'll need a buffing wheel with polish if you want to get a mirror shine.
2701	Sanding Belts for metal working, Sandpaper special orders info. 1. Aluminum Oxide - Type XFR. X Weight Cloth -Aluminum Oxide. Taped butt joint allows belt be run in either direction for quicker belt changes. 100% cotton backing runs cooler than poly/cotton.
2702	Silicon carbide sandpaper removes material more quickly than aluminum oxide, but doesn't last as long. Use it on wood, plastic and metal for tasks such as rough sanding, paint or rust removal and sanding between coats when finishing. Use it on drywall to smooth joints.
2703	Metal Finishing & Blending with Scotch-Brite™. 3M™ provides efficient and effective abrasive solutions for metal finishing applications, including matching and blending surface finishes, final blending and paint preparation to deliver the surface finishes and tolerances your customers demand.
2704	Isaiah 52:7 (ASV) How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace, that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation, that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!eshayah 52:7 (OJB) How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of the Mevaser (bringer of Good Tidings, the Evangelist), that publisheth shalom; that bringeth good tidings of tov, that publisheth Yeshuah (Salvation); that saith unto Tziyon, Thy G-d reigneth!
2705	Isaiah 52:7 (KJVA) How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth !eshayah 52:7 (OJB) How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of the Mevaser (bringer of Good Tidings, the Evangelist), that publisheth shalom; that bringeth good tidings of tov, that publisheth Yeshuah (Salvation); that saith unto Tziyon, Thy G-d reigneth!
2706	Isaiah 52:7 King James Version (KJV). How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!King James Version (KJV).by Public Domain.ow beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth! King James Version (KJV). by Public Domain.
2707	Text passages: Isaiah 52:7. How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!Romans 10:14-15.ow beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth! Romans 10:14-15.
2708	How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth! Holman Christian Standard Bible.ow beautiful on the mountains are the feet of the messenger who announces the good news, All is well.. He brings the good news, announces salvation, and tells Zion that its God rules as king. JPS Tanakh 1917.
2709	How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of the messenger who announces the good news, All is well.. He brings the good news, announces salvation, and tells Zion that its God rules as king. JPS Tanakh 1917.How beautiful upon the mountains Are the feet of the messenger of good tidings, That announceth peace, the harbinger of good tidings, That announceth salvation; That saith unto Zion: 'Thy God reigneth!' New American Standard 1977.ow beautiful on the mountains are the feet of the messenger who announces the good news, All is well.. He brings the good news, announces salvation, and tells Zion that its God rules as king. JPS Tanakh 1917.
2710	How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that announceth glad tidings, that publisheth peace; that announceth glad tidings of good, that publisheth salvation, that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth! English Revised Version.ow beautiful on the mountains are the feet of the messenger who announces the good news, All is well.. He brings the good news, announces salvation, and tells Zion that its God rules as king. JPS Tanakh 1917.
2711	Isaiah 52:7 (JUB) How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that brings good tidings, that publishes peace, that brings good tidings of good, that publishes saving health, that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigns!eshayah 52:7 (OJB) How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of the Mevaser (bringer of Good Tidings, the Evangelist), that publisheth shalom; that bringeth good tidings of tov, that publisheth Yeshuah (Salvation); that saith unto Tziyon, Thy G-d reigneth!
2712	King James Version (KJV). How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!orld English Bible. How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news, who publishes peace, who brings good news of good, who publishes salvation, who says to Zion, Your God reigns!.
2713	Webster's Revision. How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace, that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation, that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!orld English Bible. How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news, who publishes peace, who brings good news of good, who publishes salvation, who says to Zion, Your God reigns!.
2714	* Demographic data is based on information taken from the 2000 Census. City of Revere, MN covers 1 Area Code. City of Revere, MN covers 1 Zip Code. 10 Cities within 15 Miles of the City of Revere, MN.
2715	Revere, Minnesota - Demographics. 1  As of the census [2] of 2010, there were 95 people, 34 households, and 23 families residing in the city.
2716	As of 2010-2014, the total population of Revere is 85, which is 15.00% less than it was in 2000. The population growth rate is much lower than the state average rate of 9.44% and is much lower than the national average rate of 11.61%. The Revere population density is 148.17 people per square mile, which is much higher than the state average density of 61.93 people per square mile and is higher than the national average density of 82.73 people per square mile.
2717	For population 25 years and over in Revere: 1  High school or higher: 79.7%. 2  Bachelor's degree or higher: 7.6%. 3  Graduate or professional degree: 0.0%. 4  Unemployed: 48.3%. 5  Mean travel time to work (commute): 19.8 minutes.
2718	For population 25 years and over in Revere: 1  High school or higher: 82.2%. 2  Bachelor's degree or higher: 19.5%. 3  Graduate or professional degree: 6.2%. 4  Unemployed: 5.7%. 5  Mean travel time to work (commute): 33.2 minutes.
2719	Facts about Revere. Revere is also known as: Revere. Revere is a city in Redwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 95 at the 2010 census. Population shifts in Revere; Average temperatures in Revere Line in orange is average highs...line in blue is average lows. Average rainfall in Revere
2720	Revere, MN Stats and Demographics for the 56166 ZIP Code. ZIP code 56166 is located in southwest Minnesota and covers a slightly less than average land area compared to other ZIP codes in the United States. It also has a slightly less than average population density. The people living in ZIP code 56166 are primarily white.
2721	HISPANIC OR LATINO POPULATION FOR REVERE, MN : Total population: 95: 100.0%: Hispanic or Latino (of any race) 3: 3.2%: Mexican: 1: 1.1%: Puerto Rican: 0: 0.0%: Cuban: 0: 0.0%: Other Hispanic or Latino [5] 2: 2.1%: Not Hispanic or Latino: 92: 96.8% : HISPANIC OR LATINO AND RACE : Total population: 95: 100.0%: Hispanic or Latino: 3: 3.2%: White alone: 2: 2.1%: Black or African American alone: 0: 0.0%
2722	Figure 11 is the ratio of the population of men to women and shows total male population compares as about 10.4% smaller than total female population. Revere Minnesota Marriage and Families Charts Figure 12 shows the marriage status it has the largest proportion of percent of people never married at 46% of the total and is ranked #1.
2723	People in group quarters in Revere in 2010: 1  228 people in nursing facilities/skilled-nursing facilities. 2  35 people in group homes intended for adults. 3  13 people in other noninstitutional facilities. 4  4 people in residential treatment centers for adults.
2724	TSA lessens security restrictions on transient pilots. The Transportation Security Administration confirmed that is has a new security directive signed by TSA Acting Administrator Gale Rossides that tones down proposed security restrictions for transient pilots flying into commercial-service airports.
2725	What happens if I work and get Social Security retirement benefits? You can get Social Security retirement benefits and work at the same time. However, if you are younger than full retirement age and make more than the yearly earnings limit, we will reduce your benefit. Starting with the month you reach full retirement age, we will not reduce your benefits no matter how much you earn.
2726	TSA lessens security restrictions on transient pilots. May 28, 2009 By AOPA ePublishing staff. The Transportation Security Administration confirmed that is has a new security directive signed by TSA Acting Administrator Gale Rossides that tones down proposed security restrictions for transient pilots flying into commercial-service airports.
2727	SSI Law and Regulations. Go to our page on SSI Law and Regulations to find out which parts of the Social Security Act and the Code of Federal Regulations for the Social Security Administration are used to administer the SSI program.
2728	This is a link to Chapter 21 of the Social Security Handbook which contains material about SSI organized in question and answer format so that you can find the information you need quickly and easily.
2729	Making Social Security Work for You. The Social Security eligibility rules are generally the same for everyone—but no one’s life, retirement goals, or financial. needs are exactly the same. That’s why Pacific Life has created the Social Security Strategies series of brochures.
2730	Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a Federal income supplement program funded by general tax revenues (not Social Security taxes): This link will take you to the Benefit Eligibility Screening Tool. By taking 5 to 10 minutes to answer a few questions, you can find out if you are eligible for SSI or other benefits.
2731	If you will reach full retirement age in 2016, the limit on your earnings for the months before full retirement age is $41,880. Starting with the month you reach full retirement age, you can get your benefits with no limit on your earnings.
2732	Your Social Security retirement benefit. 2. Your Social Security spousal benefit—with the ability to switch to your retirement benefit at a later time. Option two is known as the restricted application for spousal benefits: You apply for Social Security but restrict. your claim to your spousal benefit. For many people, this may be an effective strategy for increasing your financial. security in retirement.
2733	The new directive will go into effect June 1. As AOPA has previously reported, SD-8F would have required pilots based at or flying into commercial-service airports to undergo a background check and receive a security badge in order to continue to have unescorted access to their airports.
2734	Leukocytosis, or elevated WBC count, is a commonly encountered laboratory finding. Distinguishing malignant from benign leukocytosis is a critical step in the care of a patient, which initiates a vastly different decision tree. Confirmation of the complete blood cell count and the WBC differential is the first step.
2735	Leukocytosis is defined as an elevation of the WBC count for the patient's age. Using an appropriate reference interval is critical, because a WBC count of 30 × 109/L is considered elevated in an adult, but completely normal in the first few days of life.
2736	Morphologic approach. Microcytic anemia – MCV < 80 fl. Reduced iron availability —severe iron deficiency, the. anemia of chronic disease, copper deficiency. Reduced heme synthesis —lead poisoning, congenital or. acquired sideroblastic anemia. Reduced globinproduction —thalassemicstates, other. hemoglobinopathies.
2737	The PB smear review is a qualitative examination of the blood smear to detect clinically significant abnormalities in all cells, including leukocytes, erythrocytes, and platelets. A slide review is appropriate in all patients with unexplained leukocytosis, which requires proper slide preparation and staining.
2738	The percentage of smudge cells in peripheral blood smears of patients with the diagnosis of chronic lymphocytic leukemia [26% (range, 4%-86%)] was higher than in patients with B-cell chronic lymphoproliferative disorders [14% (range, 1%-64%)] (p=0.0005) (Figure 1). We then analyzed the discriminating capacity of the five different cut-offs.
2739	Patients with less than 30% smudge cells had a median. time from diagnosis to initial treatment of 72.7 months, whereas. the median time from diagnosis to initial treatment in patients. with 30% or more smudge cells was not reached (P=.001). The. percentage of smudge cells as a continuous variable correlated.
2740	Smudge cells are. CLL cells ruptured during smear preparation. We hypothesized. that smudge cell formation is inversely correlated with expression. of vimentin, a cytoskeletal protein and prognostic marker, and. that the percentage of smudge cells would predict prognosis in.
2741	Anemia of Chronic Disease. Common in patients with infection, cancer, inflammatory and rheumatologic diseases. Iron can not be remobilized from storage. Blunted production of erythropoietin and. response to erythropoietin. Usually normocytic and normochromic but may. be microcytic if severe.
2742	We investigated whether the percentage of smudge cells in peripheral blood smears can be used in the clinical practice to differentiate CLL from other B-cell CLD. The peripheral blood smears of 63 patients with the diagnosis of CLL and 62 with other B-cell CLD were analyzed.
2743	Approach to anemia. Definition (The WHO criteria): Men: Hb <13.0 g/dL or Ht<40%. Women: Hb <12.0 g/dL or Ht<36%. Useful measurements: Mean corpuscular volume (MCV): 80 to 100 fl. RDW (red cell distribution width): increased. RDW indicates the presence of cells of widely.
2744	Founded by Gianni Versace in 1978, Versace is one of the world's leading international fashion brands and a glamorous symbol of Italian luxury world-wide. It...
2745	The #Versace SS16 collection embodies the power of a woman who lives in the urban jungle. Toughened luxury, masculine tailoring and energised animal prints. Discover every shades of the collection ...
2746	The #Versace Women’s FW15 collection magnifies the tradition of craftsmanship and the Greek key. Live the bright colors of a revolutionary future with this behind the scenes video directed by Rahi ...
2747	Penelope Cruz Will Play Donatella Versace in 'American Crime Story' Season 3 The season chronicles the 1997 murder of Donatella's brother, Gianni Versace. Getty
2748	Donatella Versace is so many things, all of which came to light during a 30-minute dialogue with InStyle's own Fashion News Director Eric Wilson about her new tome Versace ($58; amazon.com) to a crowd of fashion students and celebrity friends (Helena Christensen and Leigh Lezark included) at the Times Center in Midtown Manhattan—just one of many ...
2749	Penelope Cruz Will Play Donatella Versace in 'American Crime Story' Season 3. The season chronicles the 1997 murder of Donatella's brother, Gianni Versace. Penelope Cruz has been cast in the third season of American Crime Story. FX confirmed today that Cruz will play Donatella Versace, the sister of murdered fashion designer Gianni Versace, in the anthology show's upcoming season. Scheduled to air in 2018, American Crime Story's third installment will chronicle the 1997 murder of Gianni Versace, who was shot on the steps of his Miami Beach home. Edgar Ramirez will play Versace, while Darren Criss has been cast as his killer, Andrew Cunanan.
2750	A shining example of what it means to be a strong woman. Donatella Versace is so many things, all of which came to light during a 30-minute dialogue with InStyle's own Fashion News Director Eric Wilson about her new tome Versace ($58; amazon.com) to a crowd of fashion students and celebrity friends (Helena Christensen and Leigh Lezark included) at the Times Center in Midtown Manhattan—just one of many stops on her global book tour.
2751	RELATED: Donatella Versace Shows Off Her Workout Moves in a Printed Athleisure Look. 6. Yet, she likes to be in charge. In editorial, I'm not in charge—somebody else is in charge for you, she commented on whether she likes editorial or advertising.
2752	Ryan Murphy has cast Penélope Cruz as Donatella Versace in the third season of the anthology series American Crime Story.. The Oscar winner will play the blonde-haired fashion designer and sister to Gianni Versace, whose murder is the central focus of season 3.
2753	A designer. A model. A shining example of what it means to be a strong woman. Donatella Versace is so many things, all of which came to light... What we learned from Donatella Versace's talk with Eric Wilson about her new book, Versace.
2754	Ched Evans was sentenced to five years in prison after being found guilty of rape (PA) He made his senior debut for Wales debut in May 2008, going on to make another 12 international appearances.
2755	Ched Evans was arrested in Rhyl in May 2011 (PA) Evans had become their star striker and was named League One Player of the Month in March 2012, shortly before he was jailed. Evans and McDonald stood trial at Caernarfon Crown Court in April 2012.
2756	In November 2014 Goggins contributed to two online discussions about Evans’s proposed, then cancelled, return for Sheffield United, making derogatory comments and allegations about Evans’s victim. Throughout this time his picture was up on the Ched Evans website as “a True Friend and Supporter.”.
2757	Her father has said she has been forced to change identity five times and is now living “on the run”. The Evans website displayed a picture of Goggins, tagged “a True Friend and Supporter” at an Amnesty International conference, wearing a T-shirt picturing a smiling Evans and the logo “Ched Evans is innocent”.
2758	The Guardian asked those responsible for the Ched Evans website about the nature of their “true” friendship with Goggins and his support. They said he was a “vocal” supporter of Evans’s claim to have been wrongly convicted, and they only “very recently” became aware of his social media comments.
2759	Statement on behalf of Mr. Chedwyn Evans. Ched Evans is extremely grateful that the Court of Appeal has ruled that his conviction for rape was unsafe and should be quashed.
2760	Ched Evans is back in the news after being released from prison having served half of his sentence for rape. But who is he and what had he achieved before his conviction? Before he was jailed for rape, Evans was earning a reputed £20,000 a week with Sheffield United.
2761	Sheffield United's plans to re-sign Ched Evans has been met by stiff opposition (ACTION IMAGES) McDonald, a Port Vale defender, was found not guilty of rape but Evans was convicted and jailed for five years. Sentencing, Judge Merfyn Hughes QC told him he had “thrown away” a successful career.
2762	No further statement will be made as it is acknowledged by Mr Evans that the legal process has not reached a final conclusion and there will be further hearings of significance on dates to be fixed in due course.
2763	Chedwyn Michael Ched Evans (born 28 December 1988) is a Welsh footballer who plays as a striker for League One club Chesterfield. Born in Rhyl, Denbighshire, Evans was signed by Manchester City from Chester City's youth set up in 2002 and he subsequently progressed through the ranks. Evans was loaned to Norwich City in 2007, where he scored 10 goals in 28 league appearances, before returning to his parent club. With first team opportunities at City limited he was subsequently sold to Sheffield United for £3 million in 2009.
2764	The next highly composite number is 6. Four is the second square number, the second centered triangular number. Of course, there are four sides to the square as well as four vertices, analogous to the four corners of a room.4 is the smallest squared prime (p 2) and the only even number in this form.It has an aliquot sum of 3 which is itself prime. The aliquot sequence of 4 has 4 members (4, 3, 1, 0) and is accordingly the first member of the 3-aliquot tree.he next highly composite number is 6. Four is the second square number, the second centered triangular number. Of course, there are four sides to the square as well as four vertices, analogous to the four corners of a room.
2765	Here's what to do. To confirm enter the account information that you used when you purchased the iPhone. Follow these steps: 1  Make sure that the phone number is the one that you used when you purchased the iPhone. 2  Then tap next. 3  Enter your billing zip code and the last four digits of your Social Security number.4  Then tap Next. Make sure that the phone number is the one that you used when you purchased the iPhone. 2  Then tap next. 3  Enter your billing zip code and the last four digits of your Social Security number. 4  Then tap Next.
2766	searching... If you send us an email, one of the team will be back in touch with you within the next 3 days or if you want an answer sooner select the call back facility shown as a pop up below or under contact us on the right.All fields marked with a * are required. Please Specify:hop Worldwide. searching... If you send us an email, one of the team will be back in touch with you within the next 3 days or if you want an answer sooner select the call back facility shown as a pop up below or under contact us on the right. All fields marked with a * are required.
2767	1 If you have the person's phone number or email address saved in your Contacts, you can enter their name, then tap the video or audio icon. 2  You can also begin a FaceTime video call from your iPhone during a call.3  Tap the FaceTime icon during the phone call to talk using FaceTime.ake a FaceTime call. To make a FaceTime call, you need the person's phone number or registered email address. There are a few ways to make a FaceTime call: 1  In the FaceTime app, enter the person's phone number or email address then tap the FaceTime video or audio icon.
2768	Make a FaceTime call. To make a FaceTime call, you need the person's phone number or registered email address. There are a few ways to make a FaceTime call: 1  In the FaceTime app, enter the person's phone number or email address then tap the FaceTime video or audio icon.2  If you have the person's phone number or email address saved in your Contacts, you can enter their name, then tap the video or audio icon.ake a FaceTime call. To make a FaceTime call, you need the person's phone number or registered email address. There are a few ways to make a FaceTime call: 1  In the FaceTime app, enter the person's phone number or email address then tap the FaceTime video or audio icon.
2769	Shop Worldwide. searching... If you send us an email, one of the team will be back in touch with you within the next 3 days or if you want an answer sooner select the call back facility shown as a pop up below or under contact us on the right. All fields marked with a * are required.Please Specify:hop Worldwide. searching... If you send us an email, one of the team will be back in touch with you within the next 3 days or if you want an answer sooner select the call back facility shown as a pop up below or under contact us on the right. All fields marked with a * are required.
2770	1 In the FaceTime app, enter the person's phone number or email address then tap the FaceTime video or audio icon. 2  If you have the person's phone number or email address saved in your Contacts, you can enter their name, then tap the video or audio icon.ake a FaceTime call. To make a FaceTime call, you need the person's phone number or registered email address. There are a few ways to make a FaceTime call: 1  In the FaceTime app, enter the person's phone number or email address then tap the FaceTime video or audio icon.
2771	1 Make sure that the phone number is the one that you used when you purchased the iPhone. 2  Then tap next. 3  Enter your billing zip code and the last four digits of your Social Security number. 4  Then tap Next. Make sure that the phone number is the one that you used when you purchased the iPhone. 2  Then tap next. 3  Enter your billing zip code and the last four digits of your Social Security number. 4  Then tap Next.
2772	However, it is the only composite number n for which is false. It is also a Motzkin number. In bases 6 and 12, 4 is a 1- automorphic number. In addition, 2 + 2 = 2 × 2 = 2 2 = 4. Continuing the pattern in Knuth's up-arrow notation, , and so on, for any number of up arrows.he next highly composite number is 6. Four is the second square number, the second centered triangular number. Of course, there are four sides to the square as well as four vertices, analogous to the four corners of a room.
2773	It weighs 140 grams. The 3GS weighs 137 grams on a postal scale (and 135 on Apple's official measurements). So, in comparison, it's 3 grams heavier. The battery is 5.25 WHr at 3.7V, compared to the 3GS battery, which is 4.51 WHr at 3.7V.he fact that it uses a micro-sim is a clear indicator that this is a next-generation iPhone. No other cellphone uses this standard at this point in the US. The camouflage case. The case it came inside was a fully developed plastic case to house this phone to disguise it like a 3GS.
2774	Whip (politics) A whip is an official in a political party whose primary purpose is to ensure discipline in a legislature. Whips are the party's enforcers, who typically offer inducements and threaten party members to ensure that they participate according to the official party policy. A whip's role is also to ensure that the elected representatives of their party are in attendance when important votes are taken. The usage comes from the hunting term whipping in, i.e. preventing hounds from wandering away from the pack.
2775	House of Cards Lexicon. As Netflix releases the much-anticipated second season of House of Cards, viewers brace themselves for some serious binge-watching. In the show, main character Frank Underwood’s job title is House Majority Whip, and in the British 1990s version of House of Cards, the corresponding character is a Chief Whip.
2776	In a legislative body, a majority whip is a member of the dominant political party whose task it is to keep voting members in line with the party's goals and ideologies. About.com expert Robert Longley explains that the majority whip ensures attendance at all important votes and legislative sessions.
2777	Traditionally, the Speaker is reckoned as the leader of the majority party in the House, with the Majority Leader as second-in-command. For instance, when the Republicans gained the majority in the House after the 2010 elections, Eric Cantor succeeded Boehner as Majority Leader.
2778	Before 1899, the majority party floor leader had traditionally been the Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, the most powerful committee in the House, as it generates the Bills of Revenue specified in the Constitution as the House's unique power.
2779	A majority party is the political group in a legislative body with the most voting members. For example, if 47 of the 100 Senators in the U.S. Senate are Republicans and 53 are Democrats, the Democrats are the majority party.
2780	What’s a Whip? As Netflix releases the much-anticipated second season of House of Cards, viewers brace themselves for some serious binge-watching. In the show, main character Frank Underwood’s job title is House Majority Whip, and in the British 1990s version of House of Cards, the corresponding character is a Chief Whip. Do these titles have anything to do with an actual whip?
2781	The current Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, of the United States House of Representatives serves as floor leader of the opposition party, and is the counterpart to the Majority Leader. Unlike the Majority Leader, the Minority Leader is on the ballot for Speaker of the House during the convening of the Congress.
2782	In the United States Senate, the majority whip is the third-most senior member of the ruling political party. The other party's whip is called the minority whip. Political parties also maintain rosters of subordinate whips that maintain discipline and order at lower levels of government.
2783	In Canada the Party Whip is the member of a political party in the Canadian House of Commons, the Canadian Senate or a provincial legislature charged with ensuring party discipline among members of the caucus.
2784	Swollen glands - what do they mean? The swollen ‘glands’ that you feel – most commonly on your neck when you have a throat infection – are called lymph glands or lymph nodes. They are connected by a complicated network of tubes called lymph channels, which run all over your body.
2785	Each adrenal gland is a two-part organ composed of an outer cortex and an inner medulla. The cortex arises in the embryo from a region of the mesoderm that also gives rise to the gonads. The medulla arises from ectoderm, which also gives rise to the sympathetic nervous system.
2786	A salivary gland infection occurs when a bacterial or viral infection affects your salivary gland or duct. The infection can result from reduced saliva flow, which can be due to a blockage or inflammation of your salivary duct. The condition is called sialadenitis.
2787	Tumor of a gland. A disease condition of a gland (often enlargement) of a gland. Decrease of hemoglobin in the blood, caused by low red blood cell production, loss of blood, or increase of red blood cell destruction.
2788	Which lymph nodes are swollen can help identify the problem. 1  The glands on either side of the neck, under the jaw, or behind the ears commonly swell when you have a cold or sore throat. 2  Glands in the armpit (axillary lymph nodes) may swell from an injury or infection to the arm or hand.
2789	The endocrine glands, or ductless glands, discharge their secretions (hormones) directly into the blood; they include the adrenal, pituitary, thyroid, and parathyroid glands, the islands of Langerhans in the pancreas, the gonads, the thymus, and the pineal body.
2790	A disease condition of a gland (often enlargement) of a gland. Anemia. Decrease of hemoglobin in the blood, caused by low red blood cell production, loss of blood, or increase of red blood cell destruction.
2791	By Dr Sarah Jarvis | 28 Aug 2015. The swollen ‘glands’ that you feel – most commonly on your neck when you have a throat infection – are called lymph glands or lymph nodes. They are connected by a complicated network of tubes called lymph channels, which run all over your body.
2792	an organ producing substances which are then secreted to the outside of the gland, sometimes by means of a duct, as in the exocrine glands, for example, the salivary mammary, lachrymal glands, but also in the case of ENDOCRINE GLANDS directly into the blood or lymphatic systems.
2793	A salivary gland infection is typically caused by a bacterial infection. Discomfort and a foul taste in the mouth are common symptoms of a salivary gland infection. Contact your doctor immediately if you have a salivary gland infection and experience a high fever, trouble breathing or swallowing, or worsening symptoms.
2794	We've taken it upon ourselves to rank the 32 teams most likely to win the World Cup in 2018, taking into account overall squad quality, the qualifying situation they're in and, to a lesser extent, the home-field advantage some teams might benefit from.
2795	LUKA GONZALES/Getty Images. 1  It's the international break, so let's hit the pause button on what has been three-and-a-half frantic months of club football and turn our attention to the small matter of qualifying for the most prestigious, global event in sport: the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
2796	Plus: Teams banned from defending their trophies; the most endangered nicknames; and bearded players winning the World Cup. Arjen Robben has won the top-flight title in four countries (Eredivisie, Premier League, La Liga and the Bundesliga). Who has won the most different top flights? wonders Patrick William O'Riordan. There are plenty of examples of players who, like Robben, have won the top flight in four different countries.
2797	Brazil have won five times, and they are the only team to have played in every tournament. The other World Cup winners are Germany and Italy, with four titles each; Argentina and inaugural winner Uruguay, with two titles each; and England, France and Spain, with one title each.
2798	Ranking the Teams Most Likely to Win the 2018 FIFA World Cup. It's the international break, so let's hit the pause button on what has been three-and-a-half frantic months of club football and turn our attention to the small matter of qualifying for the most prestigious, global event in sport: the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
2799	Rugby world-cup records Countries' records Most World cup wins Australia has won the Webb Ellis Trophy twice - in 1991 and 1999.\,\about\:\Rugby is a great sport and rugby players are great as well but even between them there are the greatest players and teams.
2800	Answer Wiki. I think Giggs leads. Giggs has won 34 trophies as a player for Man Utd. These include 13 Premier League titles, 4 FA Cups, 3 League Cups, 2 Champions Leagues, 1 European Super Cup, 1 Intercontinental Cup, 1 Fifa Club World Cup and 9 Community Shields. Vitor Baia, the FC Porto goalkeeper and then Barca player has 33 team trophies.
2801	Deco did it in Portugal, Spain, England and Brazil; Mark van Bommel won it in the Netherlands, Spain, Germany, Italy; Jiri Jarosik recorded his four in Czech Republic, Russia, England, Scotland); while Rivaldo has a league medal from Brazil, Spain, Greece, Uzbekistan.
2802	Most wins. Brazil have won the World Cup more than any other nation with a total of five wins; 1958, 1962, 1970, 1994 and 2002. They have been helped along the way by some of the best players to have ever graced the game such as Pele, Romario and Ronaldo. They are the hosts of the 2014 tournament.
2803	Most tries scored by a team in a World Cup match. New Zealand scored a record 21 tries in a win against Japan at South Africa on 4 June 1995. The All Blacks went to win 145-17. Most total team points in World Cups. New Zealand have scored 1,023 points in 24 matches in four World Cups.
2804	Often there is no pain and the burn area is stiff. Healing typically does not occur on its own. A fourth-degree burn additionally involves injury to deeper tissues, such as muscle, tendons, or bone. The burn is often black and frequently leads to loss of the burned part.
2805	To treat superficial (minor) burns at home, follow the advice below. 1  Cool the skin with running cool or tepid water for at least 10 minutes, ideally within 20 minutes of the injury happening.  Do not use ice, iced water, creams, or greasy substances (such as butter) to soothe the burn.
2806	Why do scars form? Scarring is related to age, ethnic origin, and the severity, depth and location of the burn. Scars form when the dermal or lower layer of the skin has been damaged, as in the case of a burn. The body forms a protein called collagen to help heal the damaged skin.
2807	Burns can damage or destroy the oil glands that normally keep skin from getting too dry. Partial thickness burns have few oil glands and full thickness burns or skin grafts have no oil glands. The lack of oil glands leads to dry itchy scars. Many patients experience intense itching after their burn.
2808	1 This will prevent the burn getting worse. 2  Do not use ice, iced water, creams, or greasy substances (such as butter) to soothe the burn. 3  Remove any clothes or jewellery from around the burn, unless they are sticking to it.  Cover the burn using strips of cling film, rather than wrapping it around a limb.
2809	1 Cool the skin with running cool or tepid water for at least 10 minutes, ideally within 20 minutes of the injury happening. This will prevent the burn getting worse.  Do not use ice, iced water, creams, or greasy substances (such as butter) to soothe the burn.
2810	1 Do not use ice, iced water, creams, or greasy substances (such as butter) to soothe the burn. 2  Remove any clothes or jewellery from around the burn, unless they are sticking to it.  Cover the burn using strips of cling film, rather than wrapping it around a limb.
2811	Hypertrophic scars: 1  Stay within the area of the original burn injury. 2  Develop within the first few months after the injury. 3  Often have a deep red to purple color and are raised above the surface of the skin.  Can be warm to the touch, hypersensitive and itchy.
2812	If a chemical, such as bleach or acid, burns your skin, you should follow the advice below. 1  Wearing protective gloves, remove any chemicals from the skin by running the affected area under cool tap water for 20 minutes, or more.  Remove any jewellery, or clothing, that may have been exposed to the chemical.
2813	A burn is a type of injury to skin, or other tissues, caused by heat, cold, electricity, chemicals, friction, or radiation. Most burns are due to heat from hot liquids, solids, or fire. Females in many areas of the world have a higher risk related to the more frequent use of open cooking fires or unsafe cook stoves. Alcoholism and smoking are other risk factors.
2814	Autumn marks the transition from summer to winter, in September (Northern Hemisphere) or March (Southern Hemisphere), when the arrival of night becomes noticeably earlier and the arrival of day becomes noticeably later, and the temperature cools down considerably.
2815	Unusual varieties are harvested during the carrot's natural season, which is late summer and fall. True baby carrots—not the milled down versions of regular carrots sold as baby carrots in bags at grocery stores—are available in the spring and early summer.
2816	Very generally, an early summer bloom could mean any time from May into June; midsummer, late June into early August and late summer anywhere from the end of July to late September. Plants don't know nuthin' about calendars and it is always a bit tricky guestimating when a specific plant is likely to bloom.
2817	In North America, autumn is usually considered to start with the September equinox (21 to 24 September) and end with the winter solstice (21 or 22 December).
2818	Autumn (British English) or fall (American English), is one of the four temperate seasons.
2819	Escarole is another chicory at its best in fall and winter. Fennel's natural season is from fall through early spring. Like most cool weather crops, the plant bolts and turns bitter in warmer weather. Figs have a short second season in late fall (the first harvest comes in summer) just in time for Thanksgiving.
2820	What do early ; mid and late summer mean? I have a question about the summer months? In all the books I read about when the flower's bloom they are always saying early, mid or late summer; and I would like to know exactly which months they are. I'm pretty sure summer starts on June 21st and ends on September 21st.
2821	You might be wondering what to expect in terms of classwork, or how you’ll make new friends, or even the best place to grab a cup of coffee. Early Fall Start allows you to ease your way into life at the UW. You’ll take one course, connecting with the professor and other students in a smaller class.
2822	Look for these fall fruits and vegetables at farmers markets and in produce departments for the best flavor (and greatest value) in season. Specific crops and harvest dates of fall produce will depend, of course, on your region's climate. See these state-specific seasonality guides for more details.
2823	How to Get Started. Early Fall Start registration, costs and housing policies are different from the regular academic year. See the Registration & Costs page and the Housing page for more information. The University of Washington is fully committed to equal opportunity, diversity and access and inclusion.
2824	Otis Redding co-wrote (Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay and was the first to record it in 1967 before his death in a plane crash. After it's release in 1968, it became the first posthumous number one single. Since then, many have recorded the song, including Percy Sledge and Michael Bolton.
2825	Otis Redding’s “(Sittin’ On) The Dock of the Bay”. Otis Redding had never seen anything so peaceful. The California sunlight sprinkling diamonds on the calm water of the bay, the seagulls circling overhead in an azure sky, the old fishermen hauling in their nets near the docks.
2826	Otis Redding. The Dock of the Bay. AllMusic Review by Bruce Eder. It was never supposed to be like this: (Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay was supposed to mark the beginning of a new phase in Otis Redding's career, not an ending.
2827	Otis Redding. Biography by Richie Unterberger. Perhaps the greatest soul singer of the '60s, the man who wrote and sang standards like Respect and (Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay.. Read Full Biography.
2828	Watching the ships roll in. And I'll watch 'em roll away again, yeah. I'm sitting on the dock of the bay. Watching the tide roll away, ooh. I'm just sitting on the dock of the bay. Wasting time. I left my home in Georgia. Headed for the Frisco bay. I have nothing to live for. Look like nothings gonna come my way. So I'm just go sit on the dock of the bay.
2829	For other uses, see The Dock of the Bay (disambiguation). (Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay is a song co-written by soul singer Otis Redding and guitarist Steve Cropper. It was recorded by Redding twice in 1967, including once just days before his death in a plane crash.
2830	Roger Ridley and Grandpa Elliott sing “Sittin’ On The Dock Of The Bay” in this Playing For Change music video. This is from the second album from Playing For Change PFC 2: Songs Around The World. If you like this song you might also enjoy this version of Stand By Me. POPULAR VIDEOS.
2831	Sittin’ On The Dock Of The Bay. Roger Ridley and Grandpa Elliott sing “Sittin’ On The Dock Of The Bay” in this Playing For Change music video. This is from the second album from Playing For Change PFC 2: Songs Around The World. If you like this song you might also enjoy this version of Stand By Me. Daily Entertainment.
2832	As Redding predicted, “Dock” went to the top of the charts (it was the first-ever posthumous No. 1 by an artist in the U.S.), and became a million-seller. It won Grammy Awards for Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song.
2833	(Sittin' On) The Dock Of The Bay Lyrics Otis Redding. Sittin' in the morning sun. I'll be sitting when the evening come. Watching the ships roll in. Then I'll watch 'em roll away again (Yeah) I'm sittin' on the dock of a bay. Watching the tide roll away. I'm just sittin' on a dock of a bay.
2834	An erosional floodplain is created as a stream cuts deeper into its channel and laterally into its banks. A stream with a steep gradient will tend to downcut faster than it causes lateral erosion, resulting in a deep, narrow channel with little or no floodplain at all.
2835	Floodplain management is a continuous process of making decisions about whether and how floodplain lands and waters are to be used.
2836	The purpose of this page is to define flood zones, a commonly used term in floodplain management. Definition/Description Flood hazard areas identified on the Flood Insurance Rate Map are identified as a Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA). SFHA are defined as the area that will be inundated by the flood event having a 1-percent chance of being equaled or exceeded in any given year. The 1-percent annual chance flood is also referred to as the base flood or 100-year flood.
2837	What is Floodplain Management Floodplain management is the operation of a community program of corrective and preventative measures for reducing flood damage. These measures take a variety of forms and generally include zoning, subdivision, or building requirements, and special-purpose floodplain ordinances.
2838	The purpose of this page is to define Zone A, a commonly used term in floodplain management.Definition/DescriptionAreas subject to inundation by the 1-percent-annual-chance flood event generally determined using approximate methodologies.
2839	A floodplain, or flood plain, is flat or nearly flat land adjacent to a stream or river that experiences occasional flooding. It includes the floodway, which consists of the stream channel and adjacent areas that carry flood flows, and the flood fringe, which are areas covered by the flood, but which do not experience a strong current. Floodplains are formed in two ways: by erosion; and by aggradation.
2840	Moderate flood hazard areas, labeled Zone B or Zone X (shaded) are also shown on the FIRM, and are the areas between the limits of the base flood and the 0.2-percent-annual-chance (or 500-year) flood.
2841	For regulatory purposes, the floodplain is divided into two areas based on water velocity: the floodway & the flood fringe. The floodway includes the channel & the portion of the adjacent floodplain required to pass the 100-year flood without increasing flood heights.
2842	Flood Zones. The purpose of this page is to define flood zones, a commonly used term in floodplain management. Expand All Sections. Flood hazard areas identified on the Flood Insurance Rate Map are identified as a Special Flood Hazard Area (SFHA). SFHA are defined as the area that will be inundated by the flood event having a 1-percent chance of being equaled or exceeded in any given year.
2843	What is Floodplain Management. Floodplain management is the operation of a community program of corrective and preventative measures for reducing flood damage. These measures take a variety of forms and generally include zoning, subdivision, or building requirements, and special-purpose floodplain ordinances.
2844	Rhinelander public schools spend $12,836 per student. The average school expenditure in the U.S. is $12,383. There are about 14.9 students per teacher in Rhinelander.
2845	9/24/2008. its ok. It is def a small town...not much to do at all...but most of the time its a pretty nice place to live. there really isnt too much crime here, if anything its the...
2846	Rhinelander, Wisconsin 2017 Population Estimate – 7,574 The Wisconsin Demographic Services Center projects the Rhinelander 2015 population as 7,540 people and the 2020 population as 7,625. If we assume that the population changes linearly between 2015 and 2020, then the Rhinelander 2017 population would be 7,574. Note: this value is a projection, not a count. The 2010 Decennial Census provides the most recent count of the Rhinelander population as 7,798 people.
2847	Compared to the rest of the country, Rhinelander's cost of living is 9.70% Lower than the U.S. average. population As of 2014, Rhinelander's population is 7,526 people. Since 2000, it has had a population growth of 1.33 percent.
2848	Scope: population of Rhinelander, selected other places in Oneida County, and entities that contain Rhinelander 0% 1% 2% 3% 4% 5% 6% Count # Minocqua Wisconsin
2849	4/15/2013 Rhinelander After the Army I moved back to Wisconsin and completed my degree in Forestry and criminal Justice I moved to Rhinelander as a Park Ranger. It is a touristy type of...
2850	There are 5 places in Oneida County. This section compares Rhinelander to all of the places in Oneida County and to those entities that contain or substantially overlap with Rhinelander.
2851	Industries by Place in Wisconsin There are 773 places in Wisconsin. This section compares Rhinelander to the 50 most populous places in Wisconsin and to those entities that contain or substantially overlap with Rhinelander. The least populous of the compared places has a population of 15,855.
2852	Find your Best Mortgage in Rhinelander: Fixed Rate, Adjustable Rate, 30 years, 15 years. Bert Suggests test-driving a neighborhood in Rhinelander with an affordable short term rental. Click here to find the right place on Airbnb.
2853	Scope: population of Rhinelander, selected other places in Wisconsin, and entities that contain Rhinelander 0.0% 0.5% 1.0% 1.5% 2.0% Count # Wisconsin Wisconsin Rapids Fond du Lac
2854	For most of the area's history the land that surrounds the Clear Fork has been used as range and crop land. In 1956 the fork was dammed seven miles east of Weatherford to form Weatherford Lake. In 1949 it was dammed in Tarrant County to form Lake Benbrook, ten miles southwest of Fort Worth. Like Lake Weatherford, Lake Benbrook was constructed in part to control the seasonal flooding of the Clear Fork. CLEAR FORK OF THE TRINITY RIVER, Handbook of Texas Online (http://www.tshaonline.org/handbook/online/articles/rnc09), accessed October 08, 2015. Uploaded on June 12, 2010.
2855	From the junction of the East and West Forks the Trinity River continues southeast, forming all or part of the county lines between Kaufman and Ellis, Ellis and Henderson, Henderson and Navarro, Freestone and Anderson, Anderson and Leon, Leon and Houston, and Houston and Madison counties.
2856	The East Fork of the Trinity River rises in central Grayson County and flows south seventy-eight miles, through central Collin, western Rockwall, eastern Dallas, and western Kaufman counties, to the southwestern part of Kaufman County, where it joins the West Fork.
2857	It flows south-southwest along the west side of the Trinity Mountains into Trinity Lake (20 miles (32 km) long) formed on the river by the Trinity Dam, then immediately into the smaller Lewiston Lake, formed by the Lewiston Dam at Lewiston.
2858	The Elm Fork of the Trinity rises in eastern Montague County and flows southeast eighty-five miles, through Cooke and Denton counties, to a confluence with the West Fork, which forms the Trinity River proper a mile west of downtown Dallas in central Dallas County (at 32°48' N, 96°52' W).
2859	The original Hupa name for the Trinity River was the Hoopah River. It was also known as the Indian Scalp River when first crossed by the Jedediah Smith fur-trapper's party heading northwards up the coast on May 25, 1828. The Trinity River flooded massively in the Great Flood of 1862, wiping out the economy of the area.
2860	The Trinity River is the longest tributary of the Klamath River, approximately 165 miles (266 km) long, in northwestern California in the United States. It drains an area of the Coast Ranges, including the southern Klamath Mountains, northwest of the Sacramento Valley.
2861	The Trinity flows 423 miles from the confluence of the Elm and West forks to the coast, making it the longest river having its entire course in Texas. The river rises on the North Central Plains, but most of its course is in the Coastal Plains area.
2862	This 44-mile section of the Trinity River forms the boundary between Houston, Madison, Walker, and Trinity Counties and is quite similar to the previous section.
2863	230 miles. The main stream of the Trinity River is formed by the confluence of the Elm and West Forks within the city limits of Dallas. The main stream has a sufficient flow of water at all times for recreational use.
2864	Lloyd Klein (born February 15 1967) is a French-Canadian couturier based in Los Angeles. Klein was born in Montreal Canada to French parents. Klein is the youngest of four children.
2865	Nicknamed “Catwoman,” Wildenstein, 76, reportedly flew into a “violent rage” and clawed her designer boyfriend Lloyd Klein, going on to slash his chest with a pair of scissors, drawing blood, during the incident that took place around 1:30 a.m. local time, a source told Page Six.
2866	‘Catwoman’ Arrested For Clawing And Slashing Designer Boyfriend Lloyd Klein. Jocelyn Wildenstein in 2006. Feline-featured socialite Jocelyn Wildenstein was arrested by police early Wednesday after a brawl with her boyfriend at her Trump World Tower apartment in Manhattan, New York City.
2867	Mini Bio (1) Lloyd Klein is a thoroughbred Couturier whose expertise and pedigree in fashion as a designer began professionally in Paris, France in 1989.
2868	She later dated European filmmaker Sergio Gobbi for five years and spent a lot of her time exploring Africa, a continent she fell in love with. Africa is a paradise. You meet people who look at life differently. They love the adventure, she said to New York magazine.
2869	Designer Lloyd Klein Accused of Naked Assault. Designer Lloyd Klein Accused of Naked Assault. 1. 6/6/2009 3:05 AM PDT. Fashion guru Lloyd Klein has dressed Paula Abdul, Kate Beckinsale, and Gwen Stefani -- but a new lawsuit claims Klein wore only his birthday suit when he allegedly beat down a guy. In the lawsuit, a friend of Klein's (formerly, we're guessing) named David Pearce says he was attacked when he went to pickup his keys from Klein's Los Angeles home.
2870	Meanwhile, in December, her 14-year relationship with French designer Lloyd Klein came to an end after reports of domestic violence from both sides — which they both strongly deny. There is more than meets the eye, though. Wildenstein is an accomplished hunter and pilot, and she has a love for art and decoration..
2871	Lloyd Klein was born on the 15th of February 1967, which was a Wednesday. Lloyd Klein will be turning 51 in only 305 days from today. Lloyd Klein is 50 years old. To be more precise (and nerdy), the current age as of right now is 18251 days or (even more geeky) 438024 hours. That's a lot of hours!
2872	Despite the Swiss-born socialite being awarded $2.5 billion (£1.7 billion) from her former elite art dealer and horse-racing husband, Alec, in the late 1990s in one of the biggest divorce settlements in history, she claimed in the past week that she's broke.
2873	Jump to: Mini Bio (1) | Trivia (4) Lloyd Klein is a thoroughbred Couturier whose expertise and pedigree in fashion as a designer began professionally in Paris, France in 1989.
2874	A NALYSIS OF D ISCRETE V ARIABLES / 29 same, this is appropriate. When this is not the case, however, the calculation of the two-tailed Fisher’s exact test becomes more involved and the reader is referred to Glantz (reference 8) for further details. S UGGESTED R EADING 1. Fletcher RH, Fletcher SW, Wagner EH.
2875	Hence, if a continuous data falls in the range 0 to 5, the data points can take any real number value in between 0 and 5. For example, if we measure the height of the students in a class, then the data points can take any real number value within the range of height of humans.
2876	Analysis of data obtained from discrete variables requires the use of specific statistical tests which are different from those used to assess continuous variables (such as cardiac output, blood pressure, or PaO 2) which can assume an infinite range of values.
2877	The possible number of correct answers a student can get is 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5: only 6 possibilities, and this is a finite number. Therefore, if we collect data of the number of questions correctly answered by a student, then that particular data will be discrete. In a game, one has to shoot a target.
2878	The critical value of chi-square for a significance level (or p-value) of 0.05, for example, is 3.84. The null hypothesis for the chi-square test is that there is no difference in test results between patients with and without the disease.
2879	Using Discrete Random Variables. When given a discrete random variable, Z, you can establish the probability of each outcome with a probability function. For example, if you flip a coin and z1=heads and z2=tails, the probability function is as follows: f(z)= {1/2 for Z=z1, 1/2 for Z=z2.
2880	In statistics, a random variable is a function of a probability space. In practical terms, a random variable is the result of an experiment. Random variables can either be discrete or continuous. When using a random variable in calculations, it is important to determine whether it is discrete or continuous, as this affects the mathematical outcomes.
2881	by admin. Discrete vs Continuous Data. Data is the most salient entity in statistics as it is necessarily the “study of the collection, organization, analysis, and interpretation of data”. The numerical data used in statistics fall in to two main categories. They are discrete data and continuous data.
2882	A NALYSIS OF D ISCRETE V ARIABLES / 25 C HAPTER F IVE A NALYSIS OF D ISCRETE V ARIABLES Discrete variables are those which can only assume certain fixed values. Examples include outcome variables with results such as live vs die, pass vs fail, and extubated vs reintubated.
2883	Defining a Discrete Random Variable. A discrete random variable is one in which all the outcomes are mutually exclusive and cannot be broken down into more precise measurements. Discrete random variables exist on either a finitely or infinitely countable continuum.
2884	Instructions for e-Visa. 1  e-Visa has 3 sub-categories i.e., e-Tourist visa, e-Business Visa and e-Medical visa. 2  Applicants of the eligible countries/territories may apply online minimum 4 days in advance of the date of arrival with a window of 120 days.
2885	In April 2015, the scheme was renamed E-Tourist Visa by the Indian government, to remove confusion over the previous ability to get a visa on arrival without applying in advance. From April 1, 2017, the scheme was further extended to passport holders of 161 countries (up from 150 countries).
2886	The India visa fee amount depends on the type of visa applied for and duration of visa. Since consular fees are fixed on the basis of reciprocal arrangements or special agreements between governments, the fees differ for citizens of different countries.
2887	Services of e-Visa involves completely online application for which no facilitation is required by any intermediary / agents etc. It is advised not to believe or fall in trap of any such unscrupulous elements who claim speedy/express grant of e-Visa and charge money for it. Do not share your personal information with any unauthorized website as it may lead to your personal data piracy.
2888	The e-Visa fee payment status updation may take up to 4 hours due to technical reasons/network delays. Before re-applying, the applicants are requested to wait for 4 hours for payment status updating, after final submission of the application form and payment of the fee.
2889	The Indian government introduced a tourist visa on arrival scheme on January 1, 2010. It was initially trialed for citizens of five countries. Subsequently, a year later, it was extended to include a total of 11 countries. And, from April 15, 2014 it was extended to include South Korea.
2890	Instructions for e-Visa. 1  e-Visa has 3 sub-categories i.e., e-Tourist visa, e-Business Visa and e-Medical visa. A foreigner will be permitted to club these categories. 2  Applicants of the eligible countries/territories may apply online minimum 4 days in advance of the date of arrival with a window of 120 days.
2891	Only visit Government of India website with address indianvisaonline.gov.in for any kind of service or clarification. For any clarification or doubt, you may write to us on our email i.e. indiatvoa@gov.in. e-Visa Facility is available for nationals of following countries/territories
2892	The documents required for e-Visa are 1  : For e-Tourist Visa Scanned Bio Page of the passport showing the Photograph and Details. 2  For e-Medical Visa Scanned Bio Page of the passport showing the Photograph and Details. Copy of Letter from the Hospital concerned in India on its letterhead.
2893	US short term visa holders (non-US citizens) need to pay $20 as a reference fee in addition to other fees. All non-US citizens residing in the U.S. for less than 2 years need to pay $20 as a reference fee in addition to other fees. US green card holders and the applicants who have a US long term visa (3 years or more) do not have to pay the reference fee. Reference fee is to facilitate a routine background check and/or other application processing.
2894	The good news is that thick, healthy hair is possible with a diet rich in certain foods that are not only good for your hair but for your overall health, too. Try these 8. 1. Copper, a mineral found in avocado, is one of the best nutrients that fortify both hair and skin.
2895	Healthy hair needs healthy fat. In fact, low-fat diets can make your scalp dry and inflamed and lead to hair loss, Ansel said. Chia seeds are rich in omega-3 fatty acids and are easy— add them to smoothies, oatmeal, or make chia pudding. Other excellent sources include flaxseed, walnuts and salmon.
2896	Everyday Beauty Guide Beauty. 8 Foods that Help Your Hair Grow Faster. We’ve all been there… the dreaded bad haircut. You walk into the salon, armed with a photo of a smiling woman who has fabulous hair to show your new hairdresser. “I’d like my hair to look like that,” you say while pointing to the woman with a mane of luscious locks.
2897	Try to get your nutrients from diet instead of supplements. Avoid crash diets, as they rob your body of essential vitamins and minerals required for a variety of functions, including to make your hair grow. Eat a healthy, balanced diet, of the foods in this article, and you’re on your way to shiny, sexy hair.
2898	The good news is that thick, healthy hair is possible with a diet rich in certain foods that are not only good for your hair but for your overall health, too. Try these 8. 1. Avocado. Copper, a mineral found in avocado, is one of the best nutrients that fortify both hair and skin.
2899	Almonds: These nuts will make your hair grow faster and thicker due to their high biotin content. One cup contains nearly one-third of your daily requirement. You should be able to see the results in a month or two of adding them to your diet.
2900	Zinc plays a role inkeeping your hair follicles functioning properly and your hair growing quickly. Low zinc can mean dandruff, slow growth, and even hair loss. Food sources of zinc: sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, cashews, beans, lentils. Incorporating these vitamins into your diet through healthy, whole foods is an important step toward optimizing hair growth, as well as overall health.
2901	Try whole grains, nuts, beef or lamb – all high in zinc. Low-fat dairy – Products like yogurt, milk and cottage cheese are great for calcium, and whey and casein. The former is an important mineral for hair growth. The latter two are high-quality proteins that make hair smile all over your scalp.
2902	It can be said that healthy hair comes from the scalp. Give your scalp a health makeover by eating salmon regularly. Salmon is high in Omega-3 fatty acids. This nutrient helps balance the oils in your body, reducing flakiness and itching on your head. Other foods high in Omega-3’s are sardines, trout, and flaxseeds. «. Next ».
2903	But they’re also great for scalp health, and if any foods will make your hair grow, it’s these guys: Salmon – One of the healthiest foods on the planet. Wild salmon bursts with protein, iron and vitamin B12, which all encourage hair growth.
2904	A quick and easy way to check is to try putting a small magnet on the piece. If the magnet falls, your piece is solid brass and you should read on! But if the magnet sticks, your piece is brass plated steel and what you’re seeing is not tarnish but rust. Take some very fine grade steel wool and buff away the rust.
2905	Why doesn't stainless steel rust? Stainless steel remains stainless, or does not rust, because of the interaction between its alloying elements and the environment. Stainless steel contains iron, chromium, manganese, silicon, carbon and, in many cases, significant amounts of nickel and molybdenum.
2906	Titanium is as strong as steel, but as light as aluminum. It does not corrode, does not tarnish, and in its pure state, is totally non-allergenic. It does not react to sunlight, salt-water, or any body chemistry. It can be anodized to be a rainbow of colors. Grades 1-4 of Titanium are pure titanium. Lower grades (higher numbers) are alloys with other metals.
2907	Does Aluminum Rust? Aluminum corrodes but it does not rust. Rust refers only to iron and steel corrosion. Aluminum is actually very prone to corrosion. However, aluminum corrosion is aluminum oxide, a very hard material that actually protects the aluminum from further corrosion. Aluminum oxide corrosion also looks a lot more like aluminum (dull gray to powdery white in color), so it isn't as easy to notice as rusted iron.
2908	Rust is usually used to refer to a very common, reddish-brown compound called iron oxide (Fe2O3). Iron oxide is formed when iron and oxygen react in the presence of water or moisture in the air. Iron oxide is very common, because iron reacts easily with oxygen in the air. In fact, it reacts so readily with oxygen that it's actually very rare to find pure iron in nature. Rust can also refer to the reaction of iron and chloride in an underwater environment.
2909	Though it does not rust, exposed bronze is subject to oxidation. Copper is the major component of bronze, and it passes through several stages of oxidation in the presence of oxygen and an electrolyte such as rain water.
2910	Iron and steel rust when they come into contact with water and oxygen. They rust faster in salty water or acid rain. Aluminium, on the other hand, does not corrode easily, because its surface is protected by a layer of aluminium oxide. Iron is the metal most commonly associated with rust. Oxidated iron is called hydrated iron oxide, and it has the burnt orange color most commonly associated with rust.
2911	As such, this film, otherwise known as rust, achieves sufficient thickness to make it easily observable soon after exposure to water and air. In summary, stainless steel does not rust because it is sufficiently reactive to protect itself from further attack by forming a passive corrosion product layer.
2912	Brass is an alloy metal made up of zinc and copper. The amounts used of each are adjusted depending on the intended use of the piece. Brass is popular and is used for cookware, mirror frames, picture frames, vases, candlesticks, instruments, jewelry, fittings and so much more. Brass, like silver and other metals, does tarnish easily.
2913	Rust occurs when iron or its alloys, such as steel, corrode. The surface of a piece of iron will begin to corrode first in the presence of oxygen and water. Given enough time, any piece of iron will change entirely into rust and disintegrate. The process of rusting is a combustion reaction, similar to fire.
2914	This disambiguation page lists articles associated with the title RWB. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.
2915	BLUE Tier: Raise more than $1,500 for a single event on Crowdrise in 2016 and earn $150 Team RWB Store Gift Card or a Race Entry (up to $150) Click Here for rules. Pick your event for 2016 to support ENRICH the lives of Veterans, then engage your networks for donations.
2916	Team RWB has recently partnered with the USO. There are currently 2,300 veteran and active duty ambassadors and 5,500 athletes and advocates helping to fulfill the vision of Team RWB, and Rule29 is honored to be an ongoing part of making that happen.
2917	Team RWB’s mission is to enrich the lives of America’s veterans by connecting them to their community through physical and social activity. Enrichment is defined as creating quality relationships and experiences that contribute to life satisfaction and overall wellbeing. The concept of enrichment consists of three core components—health, people, and purpose—that define a rich life. Enrichment Equation: Enrichment = Health + People + Purpose.
2918	Team RWB’s intention is to create a community of veterans, their families and American citizens who can enjoy authentic social interaction and shared experiences through activities and events all across the country.
2919	Team RWB’s mission is to enrich the lives of America’s veterans by connecting them to their community through physical and social activity. CHECK OUT OUR FUNDRAISING TOOLKIT. Team RWB Eagles number more than 95,000, in over 180 locations. Throughout 2015, we experienced an average of 100 new members a DAY. Our membership is open to anyone who has served, is serving or has a heart to support veterans.
2920	USA Today, The Daily Show and the United Service Organizations are just some of the national organizations that have partnered with or featured Team Red, White & Blue. The Rule29 team has been a part of this effort from the beginning as Team RWB’s brand partner.
2921	Add a location to your Tweets. When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
2922	People: Creating authentic connections (defined as genuine, quality, supportive relationships that generate mutual trust and accountability), reflected in an increased number of close relationships and improvements in teammates’ sense of belonging, purpose, and community engagement.
2923	The best representation of this project is Team Red, White & Blue’s website, which shows the range of features we were able to create. This case study is supported in part by an award from the National Endowment for the Arts.
2924	Overfeeding is the number-one cause of high nitrate levels in aquariums. Overfed fish produce much more waste than normal, and when more food is given than they can take in, the uneaten food rots and produces even more wastes. Overstocking. Keeping too many fish in a tank also leads to problems with accumulated wastes.
2925	Nitrates are less harmful to aquarium fish than nitrite but, in high doses or with prolonged exposure, they can still be dangerous. Nitrate is the third by-product of the nitrogen cycle and the ideal level in a healthy aquarium is below 30 ppm (parts per million).
2926	Most aquarists have some familiarity with nitrite. It is part of the nitrogen cycle that takes place in most aquariums, and so is one of the first encounters that many aquarists have with their aquariums' chemistry.
2927	Overfeeding is the number-one cause of high nitrate levels in aquariums. Overfed fish produce much more waste than normal, and when more food is given than they can take in, the uneaten food rots and produces even more wastes. Keeping too many fish in a tank also leads to problems with accumulated wastes.
2928	The significance of nitrates in the aquarium is arguably less understood by fish keepers than the effect of ammonia and nitrites. Although nitrates are not directly lethal in the way ammonia or nitrites are, over time high levels of nitrate have a negative effect on fish, plants and the aquarium environment in general. Effect on Fish. Fish will feel the impact of nitrates by the time the levels reach 100 ppm, particularly if levels remain there.
2929	On the other hand, if you reduce the level of water in the tank to 20% of normal and then refill the tank to a 40% level, you have already reduced your nitrate levels by... MORE half. If you then refill the tank to the 100% level, your nitrate levels will be 20% of the original level that you started out at.
2930	During an aquarium's initial setup, few of these ammonia- and nitrite-oxidizing bacteria are present. As the ammonia accumulates, bacteria that utilize it increase in population. As that occurs, they consume the initial ammonia spike, and a nitrite spike results.
2931	How to Reduce Nitrates​. 1  Keep the tank clean – Waste ultimately produces nitrates. Cleaner tanks produce fewer nitrates in the first place. 2  Don’t overfeed the fish – Overfeeding is a significant contributor to excess nitrates and other undesirable wastes, such as phosphates.
2932	Although nitrates are not directly lethal in the way ammonia or nitrites are, over time high levels of nitrate have a negative effect on fish, plants and the aquarium in general. Although nitrates are not directly lethal in the way ammonia or nitrites are, over time high levels of nitrate have a negative effect on fish, plants and the aquarium in general.
2933	Lower the nitrite level. 1  You can dilute the nitrite level with a 25% partial water change. If your tank is new, try to leave the biological filter and gravel bed alone so the bacteria are not disturbed and will keep multiplying. 2  Filter out the nitrite directly using API Nitra Zorb filter media in freshwater aquariums.
2934	Depending on your income, you can claim a tax credit for up to 35 percent of your preschool expenses, up to $3,000 for one child or $6,000 for two or more children, applied directly, dollar-for-dollar, to your taxes owed for the year.o claim the child and dependent care credit, you must have earned income for the year you're filing for. If you're married, your spouse must also have earned income. The credit enables you and your spouse to both work, earn income and pay additional taxes.
2935	How Much You Get. The amount of the credit is based on adjusted gross income. As of 2014, if your AGI is $15,000 or less, you can claim 35 percent of what you pay in preschool tuition up to $3,000 for one child.If two of your children attend, you can claim a percentage of up to $6,000 in tuition costs.The percentage drops gradually with the more you earn, dropping to 20 percent if your income is $43,000 a year or more. The exact figures can be worked out on tax form 2441, which must be filed with your return.f two of your children attend, you can claim a percentage of up to $6,000 in tuition costs. The percentage drops gradually with the more you earn, dropping to 20 percent if your income is $43,000 a year or more.
2936	Qualifying Person. Tax credits on preschool expenses must be for a qualifying person. This is generally your own child, natural born or adopted. Foster children, grandchildren, and other relatives also qualify, if you claim the person as an exemption on your income tax return.o claim the child and dependent care credit, you must have earned income for the year you're filing for. If you're married, your spouse must also have earned income. The credit enables you and your spouse to both work, earn income and pay additional taxes.
2937	There is no minimum amount you have to spend to qualify. A nursery school, preschool and pre-kindergarten fall under the child care category. The credit is up to 35 percent of your expenses, with the maximum amount at $3,000 for one child and $6,000 for two or more children.The credit reduces your tax liability, but is not refundable.f both parents pay for nursery school or other child care expenses, only the custodial parent is entitled to the credit. For tax purposes, the custodial parent is the parent with whom the child lived the greater number of nights in a year. A non-custodial parent is never eligible to claim the child care credit.
2938	Originally Posted by bionicbadger Can I claim the preschool fees for my kid as a tuition expense on my tax return? Yes. If and only if the instruction they are providing your child is at a post-secondary level.riginally Posted by bionicbadger Can I claim the preschool fees for my kid as a tuition expense on my tax return? Or is there something else I can claim this expense as?
2939	This year, parents are eligible to claim a new credit on their taxes for all of their children’s arts-related activities in 2011. Similar to the fitness credit, you can claim up to $500 per child, which can result in a maximum $75 savings.hild Tax Credit. Every year, families can claim a certain amount for each child under 18. This year, that number is $2,131, which works out to a savings of around $320 per child. Either parent can claim it.
2940	Originally Posted by bionicbadger Can I claim the preschool fees for my kid as a tuition expense on my tax return? Or is there something else I can claim this expense as?riginally Posted by bionicbadger Can I claim the preschool fees for my kid as a tuition expense on my tax return? Or is there something else I can claim this expense as?
2941	With an FSA, your employer withholds up to $5,000 per year at your request from your paycheck pre-tax, and you supply receipts to the plan administrator to be reimbursed for your preschool expenses that would qualify for the child and dependent care credit.o claim the child and dependent care credit, you must have earned income for the year you're filing for. If you're married, your spouse must also have earned income. The credit enables you and your spouse to both work, earn income and pay additional taxes.
2942	1 CHILD CARE: If you send your child to daycare or hire a babysitter in order to go to work or school, you can claim child care expenses. 2  The deduction limit is $7,000 for each child under the age of seven and $4,000 for children seven to 16 years of age. So if your monthly pass costs $100, you can claim $1,200, which would result in a tax credit of $180 ($100 x 12 months x 15 percent). 2  You can claim these costs for any dependent children under 19. 3  Be sure to keep your passes so you can substantiate the amount you spent.
2943	Your child can claim a federal and provincial tax credit for the tuition amount. To claim the tax credit, she must file her income taxes and complete federal Schedule 11 and the provincial schedule.f your child is a student and qualifies for the tuition amount, it's a good idea to make sure she prepares her income tax return first. She should receive the T2202A tax slip from her college or university.
2944	But it continues to be traded around the world long after New York’s close, unlike securities. E ach day of forex trading starts with the opening of the Australasia area, followed by Europe and then North America.
2945	Posted: 11/03/2014 8:55 pm EST Updated: 11/03/2014 11:59 pm EST. Tuesday is Election Day in America, so here's a roundup of when the polls close in each state. If you still haven't figured out where you have to go to cast your vote, use this tool to find your polling place.
2946	How it works. The Best-time Close works by emphasising how now is the best time to buy and how delaying is not the best thing to do.
2947	Since most participants trade between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. in their local time zone, these times are used as the market open and close times, respectively.
2948	The forex market is available for trading 24 hours a day, five and one-half days per week. The Forex Market Time Converter displays Open or Closed in the Status column to indicate the current state of each global Market Center.
2949	Forex Market Trading Hours. T he ability of the Forex to trade over a 24-hour period is due in part to different time zones and the fact it is comprised of a network of computers, rather than any one physical exchange that closes at a particular time.
2950	Colorado and Washington voters are participating in a mail-in election, but voters are able to submit their ballots at designated drop off locations on Election Day. NOTE: All times are listed in Eastern Time. States designated by * have multiple closing times, as they span more than one time zone.
2951	I f you need to know the exact times that the markets open and close, you have to take time zones into consideration. It is very simple when expressed in GMT. This is Greenwich Mean Time. This is the standard (winter) time in Greenwich, London which is the point of zero longitude on the globe. The normal Forex market hours are 22.00 Sunday GMT to 22.00 Friday GMT.
2952	Technique. When people are procrastinating or will 'be back', emphasise how now is the best time to buy. All sales people know that 'there are no bebacks'. Invoke seasonal effects, such a Summer, Christmas and other holidays. Remind them of other short-term reasons, including sales, weather, and so on.
2953	As one region’s markets close another opens, or has already opened, and continues to trade in the forex market. Often these markets will overlap for a couple hours providing some of the most active forex trading.
2954	Then/Now: The cast of 'The Love Boat'. Love, exciting and new. Come aboard, we're expecting yoooooouuuu. The Love Boat is done sailing for good. The iconic MS Pacific cruise ship, which was featured on the hit 1970s TV show “The Love Boat,” has landed at a ship-breaking yard in Turkey, according to Reuters.
2955	Cruise ship tour: Last look at the original 'Love Boat'. One of the most famous cruise ships of the modern era, the former Pacific Princess, is being dismantled at a scrapyard in Turkey. But it appears the vessel -- recognizable to millions of Americans as the. Post to Facebook.
2956	Cruise ship tour: Last look at the original 'Love Boat'. One of the most famous cruise ships of the modern era, the former Pacific Princess, is being dismantled at a scrapyard in Turkey.
2957	One of the most famous cruise ships of the modern era, the former Pacific Princess, has been sent to a scrapyard in Turkey, Reuters is reporting. The news service says the 42-year-old vessel, recognizable to. Post to Facebook.
2958	'The Love Boat' was a hit ABC series that aired from 1977-1986 set aboard the cruise ship Pacific Princess. The show focused on the comedic tales of the crew and a revolving set of passengers.
2959	SHARES. Source: Dashers | Wikipedia. The Pacific Princess, aka The Love Boat, in 1987. The MS Pacific, a cruise ship later known as the Pacific Princess but best known for its starring role in Aaron Spelling's 1970s television comedy, The Love Boat, has made its last voyage.
2960	The Love Boat. 'The Love Boat' was a hit ABC series that aired from 1977-1986 set aboard the cruise ship Pacific Princess. The show focused on the comedic tales of the crew and a revolving set of passengers.
2961	Recognizable to millions of Americans as the Love Boat of 1970s television, the one-time Princess Cruises vessel made its final voyage in August to the scrapyard after failing to sell to a new owner.
2962	Famed 'Love Boat' makes final voyage to scrapyard. One of the most famous cruise ships of the modern era, the former Pacific Princess, has been sent to a scrapyard in Turkey, Reuters is reporting. The news service says the 42-year-old vessel, recognizable to.
2963	The Pacific Princess, aka The Love Boat, in 1987. The MS Pacific, a cruise ship later known as the Pacific Princess but best known for its starring role in Aaron Spelling's 1970s television comedy, The Love Boat, has made its last voyage.
2964	Population by Gender Rockingham County Virginia United States Male 37,477 3,925,983 151,781,326 Female 38,837 4,075,041 156,964,212 76,314 8,001,024 308,745,538 Source: 2010 Census. Virginia Employment Commission Page 7 of 46 Rockingham County Demographic Profile
2965	ROCKINGHAM County, VA Covers 19 Cities. 1  Bergton, VA. 2  Bridgewater, VA. 3  Broadway, VA. 4  Criders, VA. 5  Dayton, VA. 6  Elkton, VA. 7  Fulks Run, VA.
2966	Projects. 1  Rockingham County, Virginia (Source: Genealogy Trails History Group) 2  Rockingham County, Virginia VAGenWeb Project (Source: USGenWeb) 3  Shenandoah Valley Black Heritage Project.
2967	1930 Federal Census Rockingham County, Virginia (Source: My Heritage) ($) Harrisonburg City on Reel 2467 (Source: 1930 United States Census on Internet Archive) Rockingham County on Reel 2458 (Source: 1930 United States Census on Internet Archive)
2968	Rockingham County was established in 1778 from Augusta County. Harrisonburg was named as the county seat and incorporated as a town in 1780. Harrisonburg was incorporated as a city in 1916 and separated from Rockingham County (all cities in Virginia are independent of any county), but it remains the county seat. [citation needed] The county is named for Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham, a British statesman (1730–1782).
2969	Rockingham County, North Carolina. Rockingham County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 93,643. Its county seat is Wentworth. The county is known as North Carolina's North Star..
2970	Economic Census - Puerto Rico data are not comparable to U.S. Economic Census data Value Flags -Either no or too few sample observations were available to compute an estimate, or a ratio of medians cannot be calculated because one or both of the median estimates falls in the lowest or upper interval of an open ended distribution.
2971	Rockingham County, VA Summary. Population: 77,391. Area: 853.36 sq. miles Land Area: 849.09 sq. miles. Water Area: 4.27 sq. miles. Population Density: 90.69 people per sq. mile. Elevation: 1,236.88 ft. Time Zone: Eastern Standard Time (GMT -5) Daylight Savings: Yes.
2972	The Rockingham County Landfill, located at 813 Greendale Rd, Harrisonburg, VA, is hosting a Household Hazardous Waste Collection Day on Saturday, October 21, 2017 from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon. View the flyer for a full list of collected items.
2973	Positive Space initiatives are prevalent in post-secondary institutions across Canada including McGill University, the University of Toronto, Algonquin College, the University of British Columbia, and Queen's University.
2974	The term safe space has been extended to refer to a space for individuals who feel marginalized to come together to communicate regarding their experiences with marginalization, typically on a university campus. The idea of safe-spaces has seen criticism on the grounds that it stifles freedom of speech.
2975	Wiktionary(5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition: 1  nebulous(Adjective) In the form of a cloud or haze; hazy. 2  nebulous(Adjective) Vague or ill-defined. 3  nebulous(Adjective) Relating to a nebula or nebulae.
2976	Here are all the possible meanings and translations of the word nebulous. Princeton's WordNet(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: cloudy, nebulose, nebulous(adj) lacking definite form or limits. gropes among cloudy issues toward a feeble conclusion- H.T.Moore; nebulous distinction between pride and conceit.
2977	nebular, nebulous(adj) of or relating to or resembling a nebula. the nebular hypothesis of the origin of the solar system. nebulous, unfixed(adj) lacking definition or definite content. nebulous reasons; unfixed as were her general notions of what men ought to be- Jane Austen.
2978	Contemporary Examples. 1  But even his biggest defenders will flinch at the assaults, sexual or not, that Joe has to endure in nymphomaniac. 2  But in nymphomaniac, the effect was achieved through CGI trickery. 3  nymphomaniac opens in darkness—as in the screen is literally black for what seems like a minute.
2979	Examples from the Web for nymphomaniac. Contemporary Examples. But even his biggest defenders will flinch at the assaults, sexual or not, that Joe has to endure in nymphomaniac. Charlotte Gainsbourg’s Raw Performance in ‘Nymphomaniac’ Is Not About the Sex Jimmy So March 20, 2014.
2980	The character of Joe in nymphomaniac is a fascinating one, to say the least. Uma Thurman on ‘Nymphomaniac,’ Lars von Trier’s Alleged Misogyny, and Women’s Sexual Double-Standard Marlow Stern March 16, 2014. The best and hardest thing about nymphomaniac is watching the toll that sex takes on Joe.
2981	nefarious was our Word of the Day on 09/20/2016. Hear the podcast! Examples of nefarious in a sentence. Moreover, those starry-eyed states inclined to perceive international relations in moral terms frequently underestimate the nefarious machinations of their competitors on the world political stage.
2982	In April 2016, a member of the Edinburgh University Students' Association was subject to a vote on whether to be expelled from a meeting within a safe-space for violating rules about making gestures of disagreement; the vote went in her favour.
2983	Let’s say you have $300,000 in retirement savings and plan to withdraw 4 percent ($12,000) annually for 30 years. If your portfolio declines by 10 percent in the first year of your retirement, it’s already sunk to $258,000 at the end of year one, including your first year of withdrawals.
2984	If you earn 6 percent a year annually on a $300,000 retirement nest egg and withdraw 4 percent a year, you’d be left with $506,331 at the end of 30 years. Now, assume a 12 percent return in year one and 0 percent in year two, in a repeating pattern for 30 years.
2985	About 34 percent of current workers expect Social Security to largely fund their retirement, the highest Gallup has recorded in this decade-long annual survey, and up 7 percentage points since 2007. [Use the U.S. News Mutual Fund Score to find the best investments for you.]. Retirement accounts.
2986	To figure out how much you will save by the time you retire, we first estimate your future income by growing your current income at a rate of 3.8% (the inflation rate of 2.3%, plus the salary growth rate of 1.5%). Then, we determine what the sum of your annual contributions will be between now and retirement.
2987	In fact, 35 percent of workers between the ages of 45 to 54 have less than $25,000 in retirement savings. And more than six out of 10 have less than $100,000. At the same time, they are paying for big-ticket nonretirement expenses, such as college tuition, which can throw a wrench into growing a considerable nest egg.
2988	The second point in time is the day you retire, when you are about 65 to 66 years old. That period between now and then is an important one. In those (approximately 10 to 15) years, you will have time to put more of your paycheck to work in a retirement account.
2989	So if you earn $100,000 the year you retire, we estimate you will need $85,000 during the first year of retirement. For each subsequent year, we increase your income need by 2.3% to keep up with inflation.
2990	If your portfolio declines by 10 percent in the first year of your retirement, it’s already sunk to $258,000 at the end of year one, including your first year of withdrawals.
2991	4. You can expect to get an average of 7 to 8 percent per year from a diversified domestic stock portfolio. When you’re setting goals for retirement savings, many online calculators will ask what you expect to make on your portfolio.
2992	How we calculate your savings goal. First, we determine what your income will be at the time you retire by growing your current income at an annual rate of 3.8% (the inflation rate of 2.3%, plus the salary growth rate of 1.5%). We then assume you can live comfortably off of 85% of your pre-retirement income.
2993	The Inter Tropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ), known by sailors as the doldrums, is the area encircling the earth near the equator where the northeast and southeast trade winds come together.s the ITCZ migrates more than 500 kilometres (300 mi) from the equator during the respective hemisphere's summer season, increasing Coriolis force makes the formation of tropical cyclones within this zone more possible.
2994	Two primary features of the tropical Pacific climate are the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) and the El Nino/Niño Southern (OSCILLATION). Enso THE itcz is the-circum global zone of convergence of the northern and southern trade winds that results in a band of heavy rainfall near the. equatorwo primary features of the tropical Pacific climate are the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) and the El Nino/Niño Southern (OSCILLATION). Enso THE itcz is the-circum global zone of convergence of the northern and southern trade winds that results in a band of heavy rainfall near the. equator
2995	Abstract. Latitudinal movements of the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ), analogous to its present-day seasonal shifts, and El Nino Niño Southern (OSCILLATION)-enso type variability both potentially impacted rainfall changes at the millennial timescale during the last glacial. periodbstract. Latitudinal movements of the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ), analogous to its present-day seasonal shifts, and El Nino Niño Southern (OSCILLATION)-enso type variability both potentially impacted rainfall changes at the millennial timescale during the last glacial. period
2996	By Matt Rosenberg. Near the equator, from about 5° north and 5° south, the northeast trade winds and southeast trade winds converge in a low pressure zone known as the Intertropical Convergence Zone or ITCZ. Solar heating in the region forces air to rise through convection which results in a plethora of precipitation.he location of the ITCZ can vary as much as 40° to 45° of latitude north or south of the equator based on the pattern of land and ocean. In Africa, the ITCZ is located just south of the Sahel at about 10°, dumping rain on the region to the south of the desert.
2997	The Intertropical Convergence Zone has been called the doldrums by sailors due to the lack of horizontal air movement (the air simply rises with convection). The ITCZ is also known as the Equatorial Convergence Zone or Intertropical Front.he location of the ITCZ can vary as much as 40° to 45° of latitude north or south of the equator based on the pattern of land and ocean. In Africa, the ITCZ is located just south of the Sahel at about 10°, dumping rain on the region to the south of the desert.
2998	In the seamen's speech the zone is referred to as the doldrums because of its erratic weather patterns with stagnant calms and violent thunderstorms. The ITCZ appears as a band of clouds, usually thunderstorms, that circle the globe near the equator.In the Northern Hemisphere, the trade winds move in a southwestern direction from the northeast, while in the Southern Hemisphere, they move northwestward from the southeast.s the ITCZ migrates more than 500 kilometres (300 mi) from the equator during the respective hemisphere's summer season, increasing Coriolis force makes the formation of tropical cyclones within this zone more possible.
2999	The Tropical Climate Control. The most important climate control in regard to the tropical climate types relates to the position of the Inter Tropical Convergent Zone or ITCZ. The ITCZ is an area of low pressure and marks the point of trade wind convergence.he second distinctive climate feature of tropical regions is the dry season. As you can see from the diagram to the right of the Hadley circulation air rises above the ITCZ to create a low pressure zone, characterised by high humidity and rainfall. Further north and south of this zone air begins to sink.
3000	Definition. The Inter Tropical Convergence Zone, or ITCZ, is a belt of low pressure which circles the Earth generally near the equator where the trade winds of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres come together. It is characterised by convective activity which generates often vigorous thunderstorms over large areas.efinition. The Inter Tropical Convergence Zone, or ITCZ, is a belt of low pressure which circles the Earth generally near the equator where the trade winds of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres come together. It is characterised by convective activity which generates often vigorous thunderstorms over large areas.
3001	Worldwide zones of tropical monsoon climate (Am). Tropical monsoon climate, occasionally also known as a tropical wet climate or tropical monsoon and trade-wind littoral climate in climate classification, is a relatively rare type of climate that corresponds to the Koeppen köppen climate classification Category. amorldwide zones of tropical monsoon climate (Am). Tropical monsoon climate, occasionally also known as a tropical wet climate or tropical monsoon and trade-wind littoral climate in climate classification, is a relatively rare type of climate that corresponds to the Koeppen köppen climate classification Category. am
3002	ITCZ) or equatorial trough. This line of convergence near the equator is also discernible in a map of streamlines (Figure 12.2; Note 12.A). It is actually a band a few hundred kilometres wide, enclosing places where winds flow inwards (are 'confluent') and subsequently rise convectively.he movement of the ITCZ across South Africa (Figure 12.1) is complicated by the land's shape, elevation and location, and there is a southerly spur called the Zaire Air Boundary (ZAB). Similarly, there is a spur over South America.
3003	“Write drunk; edit sober.”. A quote often attributed to Ernest Hemingway. If you take the quote too literally, you’ll miss the power of what he was trying to teach. Hemingway realized that we aren’t always the same person. We have at least two sides to us when it comes to creating something.
3004	“Write drunk, edit sober” sounds good, but the problem is that it’s not by Hemingway. The quote is all over the internet being attributed to EH, but no one ever gives a source in Hemingway’s works or conversations. This is because the quote is almost certainly by a novelist called Peter De Vries.
3005	Reuben, Reuben by Peter De Vries 85 ratings, average rating, 11 reviews Open Preview
3006	The Other Stephen King on Writing. Wednesday, July 31, 2013. Write Drunk, Edit Sober. Write drunk, edit sober.. - Ernest Hemingway. Hey, first, before I get into the main discussion, let me call out yesterday. It was National Cheesecake Day!
3007	“Write drunk; edit sober.” A quote often attributed to Ernest Hemingway. If you take the quote too literally, you’ll miss the power of what he was trying to teach. Hemingway realized that we aren’t always the same person. We have at least two sides to us when it comes to creating something.
3008	While I doubt Hemmingway (if he indeed said it) meant it to be literal, there is something to the idea of the Balmer Peak. I think the quotation is a different way of saying something that most people who write have heard before: the first draft should be as un-self-critical as you can manage. Create now, worry later.
3009	Peter De Vries > Quotes > Quotable Quote “Sometimes I write drunk and revise sober, and sometimes I write sober and revise drunk. But you have to have both elements in creation — the Apollonian and the Dionysian, or spontaneity and restraint, emotion and discipline.”
3010	Peter De Vries — ‘Sometimes I write drunk and revise sober, and sometimes I write sober and revise drunk. But you have to have both elements in creation ... Sometimes I write drunk and revise sober, and sometimes I write sober and revise drunk.
3011	When Hemmingway said Write drunk, edit sober. was he being facetious or did he actually do this and suggest it? [xpost /r/askhistorians] (self.writing) submitted 5 years ago by Swiss_Cheese9797. 23 comments; share; save
3012	“Sometimes I write drunk and revise sober, and sometimes I write sober and revise drunk. But you have to have both elements in creation — the Apollonian and the Dionysian, or spontaneity and restraint, emotion and discipline.”. ― Peter De Vries, tags: misattributed-to-hemingway, writing-drinking.
3013	Dogs can eat black beans! Black beans can be added to a person’s diet but what about for dogs? Beans are generally safe for your dogs and this includes black beans, green beans and even white beans. Black beans are known to have a high amount of protein which is needed by most dogs.
3014	Can Dogs Eat Beans – The Benefits. Beans contain large amounts of protein that are a necessary part of your dog’s diet. They also contain other nutrients like magnesium, potassium, fiber, folate, iron, phytonutrients and B vitamins. These nutrients increase your dog’s immunity and burn fat.
3015	These are just a few of the human foods that you can toss your dog’s way. Remember to try them in small amounts. If your dog experiences any sort of reaction, immediately consult a veterinarian. Before giving your dog any people food, do your research to make sure it’s safe. Never feed your dog toxic human items such as: chocolate, onions, grapes, raisins, yeast dough, artificial sweeteners, macadamia nuts, avocadoes, alcohol, or coffee. Consult your veterinarian with any questions on what is safe and what is harmful.
3016	Dog approved people food. We try to keep our dogs on their canine diets but sometimes we just can’t resist slipping them an occasional human morsel. If you’d like to reward your pet with a table scrap, make sure that you choose people foods that are safe for canine tummies. 1. Peanut butter.
3017	Feeding your dog with black beans can also cause some oral problems in your dog. It is recommended that oral hygiene should be maintained if black beans are part of your dog’s diet. Post by: Adrian Sau. Beans, Black, Black Beans, can dogs eat, dogs eat, Food, what can dogs eat. Can Dogs Eat Garlic Can Dogs Eat Fruit.
3018	Can be slipped into the bowl along with your dog’s regular food to add a spice and extra protein to its diet. This also makes a good meal replacement if you’re in a pinch and out of dog food. 3. Cheese. A great treat for a dog as long as she isn’t lactose intolerant, which a small percentage are.
3019	However, the green beans are best for your dogs. These have proteins, nutrients and minerals that are of good use to your dog. Raw green string beans are suitable for a healthy snack. Most dogs will eat green beans, preferably raw. They are a good low calorie food for the dog and as long as they don’t cause intestinal upset, they are fine for the dog to eat. Lentils are very good for dogs, are very alkaline and do not cause gas.
3020	Why are beans safe for my dog? Dogs eat a wide range of foods, which is why many dog owners are asking about the foods that their dogs can eat. Just like human beings, dogs need to have a balanced diet and this they can get by taking a variety of foods.
3021	Always be careful when feeding your dog human food. Sometimes there can be quite a bit of spices in baked beans as well as sugar. It would be better to give them just plain black beans, kidney beans, pinto beans, etc. with no salt or pepper, no spices of any kind – just rinsed off, right out of the can.
3022	While extremely nutritious and good for your dog’s health, beans have a tendency of develop gas. This may not hold any serious danger at first, but chronic gas can eventually lead to constipation. 1  Wash beans thoroughly.  Feed your dog moderate amounts of any food not part its natural diet.
3023	So of the 118 cruise ships delivered since 2000 sixty-seven, or more than half, are too big to transit the Panama Canal. The next category down is Panamax, which is the maximum size ship that can use the Panama Canal (although new locks are due to open in 2015).
3024	An Upgrade, And Bigger Ships, For The Panama Canal. An Upgrade, And Bigger Ships, For The Panama Canal. The Panama Canal is undergoing its biggest overhaul since it was opened nearly a century ago. A third channel is being built, which will allow more and larger ships to pass through. The Panama Canal is undergoing its biggest overhaul since it was opened nearly a century ago.
3025	We have nine ships that can fit, but we choose not to offer Panama Canal cruises. We have no desire for it.. CORRECTION: A story in Travel Weekly's July 25 print edition incorrectly said that the canal expansion would accommodate all current cruise ships, rendering the term post-Panamax obsolete.
3026	118 New Ships Since 2000 - Ship Sizes - The New Panama Canal. The recent announcement by CLIA that 118 new cruise ships had been delivered since 2000 has led The Cruise Examiner to have a look at how the world cruise fleet is now made up and how it has changed in the last decade. The findings, along with progress now being made on a new Panama Canal, are rather interesting.
3027	Most cruise ships transiting the Panama Canal will continue to use the old locks. Cruise lines have several ships operating in Alaska that would need the new locks to move to the Atlantic, such as Royal Caribbean International’s Explorer of the Seas and Celebrity Cruises’ Celebrity Solstice.
3028	Only one cruise ship has reserved space to move through the new locks, which are open to one cruise ship a day starting in June 2017, according to the Panama Canal Authority. Princess Cruises' Caribbean Princess is scheduled to make a series of thirteen 10-day cruises through the canal beginning Oct. 21, 2017.
3029	Just one cruise ship scheduled to use new Panama Canal locks. The new, wider locks on the Panama Canal will open June 26 with the first official transit of a cargo ship, but don’t expect much traffic through them from cruise ships.
3030	As cruise ships carry passengers and not heavy cargoes, this is not a problem for them, as even the Queen Mary 2 has only a draft of 32 feet 10 inches, which means that there is really no such thing as a Suezmax cruise ship.
3031	The eleven ships of the Carnival Conquest (six) and Costa Concordia (five) classes, all 952 by 116 feet in overall dimensions, are ten feet too wide for the present Panama Canal. Eleven more ships, of the Grand Princess class, including P&O's Azura and Ventura, all 951 x 118 feet, also fall into this category.
3032	Usually when people think of the expansion of the canal they think about the bigger ships, says Arnold Cano, an engineer who's working on the project. Right now they can't fit through the Panama Canal. And that's a big aspect of the expansion. But really, the main driver for the expansion is capacity, being able to transit more cargo.. By adding a third lane, 50 percent more ships will be able to pass through the waterway each day.
3033	Certain types of businesses and clients choose to safeguard their companies against similar, competing businesses. Companies that require signed contracts with non-compete provisions do so to prevent employees or independent contractors from providing their services to competing businesses.
3034	The Department of Labor will weigh the following factors when classifying a worker as an employee or as an independent contractor under the Economic Reality Test. 1  How much, if any, of an investment the worker has in the facilities or work equipment;  The type or level of control a company has over the worker;
3035	As an employee or independent contractor with certain clients or businesses, it is to your advantage to obtain a written contract or agreement that clearly defines the terms of the job or project. In addition, watch for non-disclosure clauses or provisions.
3036	Persons who work as real “independent contractors” are not entitled to the same monetary benefits and legal protections as “employees.” This is because independent contractors are not subject to the same types of restrictions, level of discipline, and fixed work schedules as are employees.
3037	Also known as the “Master-Servant” or “Common Law Agency” test, the “Right to Control” test is often applied by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to differentiate employees form independent contractors. The key issue in the Right to Control test is the amount of control an employer exercises over the worker.
3038	Maybe you've never thought about the difference between being an employee and being an independent contractor (also called a consultant). In many respects, there seems to be no difference at all. Often, independent contractors and employees work side by side at the same company, even doing the same or similar work. But there are very important legal differences between being a contractor and an employee. These differences go beyond job title.
3039	Many persons are misclassified as “independent contractors” but are actually “employees” under federal, state and Illinois law for purposes of the overtime pay laws. Under the FLSA, true independent contractors are not employees and are not eligible for overtime compensation.
3040	The courts primarily use two tests to determine whether an individual qualifies as an employee or as an independent contractor: the “right to control test” and the “economic reality test.” They are both described below.
3041	As an employee or independent contractor, you may have to sign a contract that contains a non-compete provision. The main purpose of the clause is to safeguard proprietary information from similar, competing companies.
3042	Typically, when you sign a contract with non-compete provisions, you must agree to some or all of the following points: 1  You will not provide similar skills or services to a competing business.  You will not provide similar skills or services within a specified geographical area.
3043	The air travel (bird fly) shortest distance from UK to Ghana is 9905 km= 6154.68 miles. If you travel with an airplane (which has average speed of 560 miles) between UK to Ghana, It takes 10.99 hours to arrive.
3044	Distance between UK and Ghana is: The air travel (bird fly) shortest distance from UK to Ghana is 9905 km= 6154.68 miles. If you travel with an airplane (which has average speed of 560 miles) between UK to Ghana, It takes 10.99 hours to arrive.
3045	To. Distance between UK and Ghana is: The air travel (bird fly) shortest distance from UK to Ghana is 9905 km= 6154.68 miles. If you travel with an airplane (which has average speed of 560 miles) between UK to Ghana, It takes 10.99 hours to arrive.
3046	The air travel (bird fly) shortest distance from UK to Ghana is 9905 km= 6154.68 miles. If you travel with an airplane (which has average speed of 560 miles) between UK to Ghana, It takes 10.99 hours to arrive. Also check out Russian Federation, Ghana distances.
3047	Distance between UK and Ghana is: The air travel (bird fly) shortest distance from UK to Ghana is 9905 km= 6154.68 miles. If you travel with an airplane (which has average speed of 560 miles) between UK to Ghana, It takes 10.99 hours to arrive. Also check out Russian Federation, Ghana distances.
3048	By the 1980s and early 1990s, 10 to 20 per cent of Ghanaians were living outside Ghana, with many migrating to Australia, Canada, Netherlands, United States and the UK from the 1960s to 1980s due to economic conditions at those times in Ghana.
3049	See also: Ghanaian American. Ghanaians in the United Kingdom (also Ghanaian British or British Ghanaian) are Ghanaians of British descent or Ghanaian immigrants to the United Kingdom and their descendants.
3050	By the 1980s, the UK was experiencing a boom in African music as Ghanaians and others moved there, immediately they made their presence felt in the form of local gigs and carnivals, and to this day Ghanaians and other African groups prevail as the most successful ethnic groups in the UK R&B and rap scene.
3051	Although modern Ghana gained independence in 1957 and was the first African country to do so from the European Colonization. People from that region have been arriving and living in Britain since at least the mid–16th century.
3052	Ghanaian s took to the street of London on Friday the 12th of April 2013 to demonstrate against the current president of Ghana.
3053	Naval Construction Battalions were conceived of as a replacement for civilian construction companies working for the US Navy after the United States was drawn into World War II with the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941.
3054	TENNO REINFORCEMENTS. Posted On 2014-03-26 18:00:15. Warframe is celebrating its One Year Anniversary! DEX FURIS - In celebration of Warframe's First Year, and to Thank all who have helped build Warframe into what it is today, The Lotus is gifting each Tenno with a First Anniversary Edition of the DEX FURIS. This dual version features a Lotus-themed skin, high fire rate and accuracy and low recoil.
3055	The battalion is the fundamental unit of the Naval Construction Force (NCF). Seabee battalions are constituted in such a way as to be self-sustaining in the field. The nomenclature for NCF battalions has evolved over the years.
3056	When the US entered World War I in April 1917, the Navy had an immediate requirement to expand the Great Lakes Station in order to house, process, and train 20,000 naval recruits, this number would rise to 50,000 by the end of the year.
3057	Bugs Bunny. Bugs Bunny is an animated cartoon character; created in 1940 by Leon Schlesinger Productions (later Warner Bros. Cartoons) and voiced originally by the legendary vocal artist, Mel Blanc.
3058	National Guard. We recognize December 13th as the birthday of the National Guard. On this date in 1636, the first militia regiments in North America were organized in Massachusetts. Based upon an order of the Massachusetts Bay Colony's General Court, the colony's militia was organized into three permanent regiments to better defend the colony.
3059	Bugs' first appearance in A Wild Hare (1940). While Porky's Hare Hunt was the first Warner Bros. cartoon to feature a Bugs Bunny-like rabbit, A Wild Hare, directed by Tex Avery and released on July 27, 1940, is widely considered to be the first official Bugs Bunny cartoon.
3060	Our ability to recognize December 13, 1636, as the organization date of the oldest Army National Guard units is based in law. The Militia Act of May 8, 1792, permitted militia units organized before the May 8, 1792, to retain their customary privileges..
3061	Tenno, in three years you have succeeded in 1.5 billion Missions, killed over 50 billion Grineer, captured 120 million prisoners and significantly grown to over 12 million Operators. Thank you to everyone who has accompanied us on this journey, and thank you to the Tenno who continue to fight this war with us! ANNIVERSARY GIFTS.
3062	Though a similar rabbit character began appearing in the Warner Bros. cartoon shorts during the late 1930s, the definitive character of Bugs Bunny is widely credited to have made his debut in director Tex Avery's Oscar-nominated film A Wild Hare (1940).
3063	Like all of the planets, the massive gas giant Saturn travels in an ellipse rather than a circular path, and so its distance from the sun varies slightly over the course of its year. Saturn averages 886 million miles (1.4 billion km) from the sun, nine and a half times Earth's average distance.At its farthest (aphelion), Saturn hovers 934 million miles (1.5 billion km) from the sun; at its closest (perihelion), the distance to Saturn from the sun is only 839 million miles (1.4 billion km).he most distant of the planets obviously visible to the naked eye, Saturn is the sixth planet in the solar system. Because it travels in an elliptical path rather than a circular one, it doesn't always lie the same distance from the sun as it wanders through the sky.
3064	Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun and the second-largest in the Solar System, after Jupiter. It is a gas giant with an average radius about nine times that of Earth.Although only one-eighth the average density of Earth, with its larger volume Saturn is just over 95 times more massive.aturn is probably best known for the system of planetary rings that makes it visually unique. The rings extend from 6,630 km to 120,700 km above Saturn's equator, average approximately 20 meters in thickness and are composed of 93% water ice with traces of tholin impurities and 7% amorphous carbon.
3065	Saturn It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and reality of tomorrow.- Robert Goddard. Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun and is the second largest in the solar system with an equatorial diameter of 119,300 kilometers (74,130 miles).Much of what is known about the planet is due to the Voyager explorations in 1980-81.aturn It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and reality of tomorrow.- Robert Goddard. Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun and is the second largest in the solar system with an equatorial diameter of 119,300 kilometers (74,130 miles).
3066	Jupiter. 1  Distance from Sun: Jupiter is the fifth planet from the sun at a distance of about 778 million km (484 million miles) or 5.2 AU. 2  Diameter: 428,400 km (88,730 miles). 3  Jupiter is the most massive planet in our solar system, 317 times the mass of Earth. Distance from Sun: Mars is the fourth planet from the sun at a distance of about 228 million km (142 million miles) or 1.52 AU. 2  Diameter: 6,787 km, (4,217 miles). 3  Length of Year (Orbit): 687 Earth days. 4  Length of day: 24 hours 37 minutes.
3067	1 Distance from Sun: Jupiter is the fifth planet from the sun at a distance of about 778 million km (484 million miles) or 5.2 AU. 2  Diameter: 428,400 km (88,730 miles). 3  Jupiter is the most massive planet in our solar system, 317 times the mass of Earth. Distance from Sun: Mars is the fourth planet from the sun at a distance of about 228 million km (142 million miles) or 1.52 AU. 2  Diameter: 6,787 km, (4,217 miles). 3  Length of Year (Orbit): 687 Earth days. 4  Length of day: 24 hours 37 minutes.
3068	Astronomers use another measurement tool for calculating distance in the Solar System called “astronomical units”. 1 astronomical unit is the average distance from the Earth to the Sun; approximately 150 million km. At its closest point, Saturn is 9 AU, and then at its most distant point, it’s 10.1 AU.y Fraser Cain on November 9, 2009. Saturn’s distance from the Sun is 1.4 billion km. The exact number for Saturn’s average distance from the Sun is 1,433,449,370 km.
3069	by Fraser Cain on November 9, 2009. Saturn’s distance from the Sun is 1.4 billion km. The exact number for Saturn’s average distance from the Sun is 1,433,449,370 km.Saturn.y Fraser Cain on November 9, 2009. Saturn’s distance from the Sun is 1.4 billion km. The exact number for Saturn’s average distance from the Sun is 1,433,449,370 km.
3070	The distance to Saturn from our planet is constantly changing as both of the planets travel through space. When the two are closest, they lie approximately 746 million miles (1.2 billion kilometers) apart, or eight times the distance between the Earth and the sun.he most distant of the planets obviously visible to the naked eye, Saturn is the sixth planet in the solar system. Because it travels in an elliptical path rather than a circular one, it doesn't always lie the same distance from the sun as it wanders through the sky.
3071	Saturn is the sixth planet from the sun and the second largest planet in the solar system. Saturn was the Roman name for Cronus, the lord of the Titans in Greek mythology.Saturn is the root of the English word Saturday..aturn is the sixth planet from the sun and the second largest planet in the solar system. Saturn was the Roman name for Cronus, the lord of the Titans in Greek mythology.
3072	The planet Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun. It is the second largest planet in the Solar System, along with having the second most moons after Jupiter.Saturn is most famous for its complex ring system, which are made mostly of ice chunks and crystals.In the sky saturn is next to Lyra.he planet Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun. It is the second largest planet in the Solar System, along with having the second most moons after Jupiter.
3073	Author Information. Class code 5474 is used for employees that work for a painting or paperhanging operation, not otherwise classified. This would include a variety of job duties, such as shop workers, drivers, and those who actually engage in painting functions.
3074	NYS Workmens Comp Rate 5474 painting up 26% in two years. Description: This code is the general painting classification. The work includes exterior and interior painting of residential or commercial structures that are constructed of wood, concrete, stone or a combination thereof regardless of height.
3075	California is the most expensive state in for workers compensation coverage. A 2014 study indicated that the average rates in CA were almost 188% higher than the study medium. California was ranked 13th in 2008, but rates have steadily increased since 2008.
3076	Painters Insurance. General Liability, Workers Compensation, Equipment Coverage, Business Auto and Property Coverages For NC Painting Contractors. If you own a painting business, then you should be sure to only use an insurance agent with lots of experience insuring painting companies.
3077	The rates used in Florida workers comp insurance were increased in 2014 by an average of 6.1% by the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation. For class code 5474, this rate change resulted in a 7.9% increase from 2013 to 2014. The 2014 rate for this classification is 11.04 dollars for every 100 dollars of remuneration.
3078	CA Rates for Select Work Comp Class Codes. The workers' compensation rates listed below for California represent the current insurance rates we've found effective 1/1/16. There is no guarantee that any business or employer will qualify for the lowest workers' compensation rates.
3079	This unique program for painting companies can handle your general liability insurance, your workers compensation insurance and your equipment and tools coverage if you want it, as well as your business auto insurance policy for your trucks and other vehicles.
3080	Call 888-611-7467 for a Workers Compensation Shop Specialist. One of the primary components of pricing workers' compensation insurance is classifying a risk or workplace exposure within the proper NCCI workers compensation class code.
3081	The Scopes Manual is the industry standard workers compensation class code book containing numerical classification codes and the classification phraseology for each code used in classifying workers' compensation risks, including state special codes. The NCCI Scopes Manual is available for purchase from NCCI.
3082	Class codes are assigned to differentiate between the various job duties or scope of work performed by employees. The Scopes classification system contains over 700 unique codes and is the basis for both pricing and underwriting workers compensation insurance rates.
3083	Panicked parents fear not: there's a Lego model out there to ensure last-minute Christmas shopping goes without a hitch. Website of the Telegraph Media Group with breaking news, sport, business, latest UK and world news.
3084	The Super Awesome Micro Project: A full sized Lego car, with an engine made from Lego that runs on air. It is the brainchild of Melbourne entrepreneur and marketing guy Steve Sammartino (twitter @sammartino) and Raul Oaida (twitter @rauloaida), a self-taught teenage technology genius from Romania who Steve met on the internet.
3085	- The engine is made from standard Lego pieces and runs on air! - The engine has four orbital engines and a total of 256 pistons. - More than 500,000 LEGO pieces. - Top speed around 20-30km (We drive it slow as are scared of giant lego explosion) - Built in Romania and shipped to a secret location in Melbourne.
3086	The 10 best Lego vehicles. Lego Technic Unimog. Price: £154.99. Ages: 11-16. Model no: 8110. The biggest, most complicated Lego Technic set on sale consists of 2,048 pieces, meaning that building it will keep you occupied at least until the cold turkey sandwiches are ready on Boxing Day. Once it's built, the Unimog will amaze visiting relatives with its electrically powered pneumatics, which can be used to operate the crane.
3087	This 23-Ton, 5.3-Million-Brick X-Wing Is the Biggest Lego Model Ever The newest addition to the grand list of Coolest Things Ever is being unveiled in New York today: the Lego X-Wing, the largest Lego model ever built. The model of the classic Star Wars fighter being unveiled in Times Square has a wingspan of 44 feet and comes complete with R2-D2 and a full range of sound effects.
3088	Lego Technic Unimog. Price: £154.99 Ages: 11-16 Model no: 8110 The biggest, most complicated Lego Technic set on sale consists of 2,048 pieces, meaning that building it will keep you occupied at least until the cold turkey sandwiches are ready on Boxing Day.
3089	This 23-Ton, 5.3-Million-Brick X-Wing Is the Biggest Lego Model Ever. The newest addition to the grand list of Coolest Things Ever is being unveiled in New York today: the Lego X-Wing, the largest Lego model ever built. The model of the classic Star Wars fighter being unveiled in Times Square has a wingspan of 44 feet and comes complete with R2-D2 and a full range of sound effects.
3090	That, according to Lego, makes it the largest model ever built, eclipsing the Lego robot at the Mall of America by some 2 million bricks. This replica of the Rebel Alliance dogfighter is 42 times the size of the Lego version we've all built and a bit bigger than a real X-Wing. (Yes, yes, we know they're not real. Just go with it.)
3091	The 10 best Lego vehicles. The biggest, most complicated Lego Technic set on sale consists of 2,048 pieces, meaning that building it will keep you occupied at least until the cold turkey sandwiches are ready on Boxing Day.
3092	That, according to Lego, makes it the largest model ever built, eclipsing the Lego robot at the Mall of America by some 2 million bricks. This replica of the Rebel Alliance dogfighter is 42 times the size of the Lego version we’ve all built and a bit bigger than a real X-Wing. (Yes, yes, we know they’re not real.
3093	And no waltz with Viennese cooking would be complete without Wiener Schnitzel, beaten flat, breaded and crisply fried, this is something of a national dish, It was so fresh and uncomplicated I wanted to break into a chorus of Edelweiss, but of course I had my mouth full of Schnitzel.
3094	The word Schnitzel is believed to come from the word der Schnitz which means a slice or a cut, similarly Schneider means a tailor. (Because he is a cutter, of fabric) A popular bread that uses the word base is Schnitzbrot. Usually it is slices of apple or pear and other dried fruits and nuts for the Christmas season.
3095	Meat: Classically you have to take veal (Wiener Schnitzel), but most people prefer pork (Schnitzel Wiener Style). Best meat imho are at least 1 inch thick slices of the Nuss. If you don't know what this is, go at google.de, search for schwein nuss and take a look at the first two results.
3096	The most well known Schnitzel is Wienerschnitzel which is traditionally Veal, breaded with crumbs and served with lemon and German potato salad or parsley potatoes and sometimes Lingonberry Jam.
3097	What exactly is Schnitzel? Schnitzel is a meat dish that is a very thin boneless cutlet of veal, pork, beef or chicken that is either breaded and deep fried or pan fried with or without a breading.
3098	The venue at Jumeirah Beach Hotel - one of Dubai's oldest restaurants - has a new chef, German national Marcel Korpuka, who has designed an Alpine influenced menu including Swiss Raclettes and Austrian Schnitzel, as well as generously portioned traditional German meat dishes.
3099	1 Dip in flour, then beaten eggs and in the bread crumbs. 2  Heat butter crisco in large skillet and place schnitzel in pan.  Brown well on both side in pan on medium heat for abut 15 to 20 munutes.
3100	The menu will include German potato soup with beef sausages, Oxtail soup, crispy veal knuckle, Rheinischer Sauerbraten (braised piece of marinated beef) and a live cooking station for the traditional Wiener Schnitzel.
3101	1 Season with salt, pepper, and paprika. 2  Dip in flour, then beaten eggs and in the bread crumbs. 3  Heat butter crisco in large skillet and place schnitzel in pan.  Brown well on both side in pan on medium heat for abut 15 to 20 munutes.
3102	Austrian capital, capital of Austria, Vienna - the capital and largest city of Austria; located on the Danube in northeastern Austria; was the home of Beethoven and Brahms and Haydn and Mozart and Schubert and Strauss.
3103	The visit to Wounded Knee is a pilgrimage to remembrance, to there where we are driven to be mindful of and reflect upon the sad choices that we humans sometimes make, and worse, the persistent, continued widespread endorsement that those choices receive... Wounded Knee is well-marked on the map and easy to get to.
3104	I am planning a visit to Wounded Knee this summer with my two granddaughters (11,10). I am a 74 year old woman traveling alone with them. Is it a safe place to take them. I have longed to visit the place and have great sympathy for what our government did to the native americans.
3105	My husband and I traveled to the Wounded Knee Monument on our Western Tour '16. It was difficult I find, but I was looking forward to arriving and stepping into a museum that would give me information about the history, characters, and other facts about the terrible massacre that occurred there.
3106	The previous day, a detachment of the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment commanded by Major Samuel M. Whitside intercepted Spotted Elk's band of Miniconjou Lakota and 38 Hunkpapa Lakota near Porcupine Butte and escorted them 5 miles (8.0 km) westward to Wounded Knee Creek, where they made camp.
3107	A brutal massacre followed, in which it’s estimated 150 Indians were killed (some historians put this number at twice as high), nearly half of them women and children. The cavalry lost 25 men. The conflict at Wounded Knee was originally referred to as a battle, but in reality it was a tragic and avoidable massacre.
3108	So happy to finally make the trip to pay my respect to those killed and Wounded Knee Creek on 12/29/1890 and burred here in a mass grave in this active cemetery. Also paid respect to some killed at this site in 1973 in a stand off with the Federal Government, the American Indian Movement and tribal leaders.
3109	Wounded Knee Massacre. Not to be confused with Wounded Knee incident. The Wounded Knee Massacre occurred on December 29, 1890, near Wounded Knee Creek (Lakota: Čhaŋkpé Ópi Wakpála) on the Lakota Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
3110	More than 80 years after the massacre, beginning on February 27, 1973, Wounded Knee was the site of the Wounded Knee incident, a 71-day standoff between militants of the American Indian Movement—who had chosen the site for its symbolic value—and federal law enforcement officials.
3111	Wounded Knee, located on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in southwestern South Dakota,was the site of two conflicts between North American Indians and representatives of the U.S. government. An 1890 massacre left some 15 0Native Americans dead, in what was the final clash between federal troops and the Sioux. In 1973, members of the American Indian Movement occupied Wounded Knee for 71 days to protest conditions on the reservation. Play video.
3112	Wounded Knee is a place for education, rememberance, and respect. It's a fantastic visit and trip to make if you wish to understand the incident and respect the traditions and values of 19th century Native Americans.
3113	“Interested party for the purpose of filing a protest” means an actual or prospective offeror whose direct economic interest would be affected by the award of a contract or by the failure to award a contract.
3114	533.103 Protests to the agency. 533.103-1 Filing a protest. (a) Any protester filing an agency protest has the choice of requesting either that the contracting officer or the Agency Protest Official decide the protest. If the protest is silent on this matter, the contracting officer will decide the protest.
3115	To file a bid protest, a protestor must demonstrate that it has standing as an interested party, meaning the protestor must be an actual or prospective offeror whose direct economic interest would be affected by the award of a contract or by the failure to award a contract.
3116	This part prescribes policies and procedures for filing protests and for processing contract disputes and appeals. There are other Federal court-related protest authorities and dispute-appeal authorities that are not covered by this part of the FAR, e.g., 28 U.S.C. 1491 for Court of Federal Claims jurisdiction.
3117	An agency protest is filed when the complete protest is received at the location the solicitation designates for serving protests. GSA’s hours of operation are 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Protests delivered after 4:30 p.m. will be considered received and filed the following business day.
3118	Contrary to a common misconception, a protest is not always timely if filed within 10 days of a debriefing. As one prospective protester learned, if the debriefing is not “required” under applicable law, a GAO protest filed within 10 days of a debriefing might be untimely. GAO regulations set specific (and strict) protest filing deadlines. Protests relating to improprieties in the solicitation itself, for example, must be filed before the bid opens or the time set for receipt of initial proposals. 4 C.F.R. § 21.2(a)(1).
3119	(f) No person may file a protest at GAO for a procurement integrity violation unless that person reported to the contracting officer the information constituting evidence of the violation within 14 days after the person first discovered the possible violation (41 U.S.C. 2106).
3120	533.103-1 Filing a protest. ( 1 a) Any protester filing an agency protest has the choice of requesting either that the contracting officer or the Agency Protest Official decide the protest. ( 2 b) If an agency protest is filed, the deciding official uses the procedures in FAR 33.103 and this section to resolve the protest.
3121	A contractor challenging a federal procurement may generally choose to file a bid protest before the agency administering the procurement, the Government Accountability Office (GAO), or the U.S. Court of Federal Claims (COFC).
3122	To obtain a CICA stay, the protestor only needs to file its protest within 10 days of the contract award or within five days of its debriefing. However, the requirement for a CICA stay is not triggered until GAO provides notice of the protest filing to the contracting agency.
3123	Greenland is the largest island in the world at 840,000 square miles (2,175,590 km2).
3124	which country has owns the world's largest number of coral reefs. indonesia. island-de-pascua is another name for what chilean island. easter island. which european country owns the world's largest number of coral reefs because of its ownership of several pacific ocean reefs. france.
3125	In that spirit, the Guinness Book of World Records gave its “Smallest Island” award to Bishop Rock, the westernmost of the Isles of Scilly, which lie off Britain’s south-western tip, the peninsula of Cornwall. View over to Bishop Rock. Picture: Tim Dobson.Source:Flickr.
3126	Updated March 03, 2017. Below you will find a list of the largest islands in the world based on size or area followed by a list of the largest islands in the world based on population. 1. Greenland - North America - 840,004 square miles - 2,175,600 sq km. 2. New Guinea - Oceania - 312,167 square miles - 808,510 sq km.
3127	21 of the 29 islands on the following chart are in Alaska, and 3 more are in Hawaii. Technically, Alaska actually is continental, but even if the more correct term contiguous United States is used to describe the lower 48, Whidbey Island still ranks only 5th in length.
3128	THE largest island in the world is Greenland. Probably. You have to disqualify all the bigger landmasses as continents, and ignore the possibility that Greenland might actually be three smaller islands connected by an ice sheet.
3129	Greenland is considered the world's largest island and it is situated in the Arctic Ocean to the north east of Canada.
3130	The Caspian Sea is the largest lake in the world.   -------------------------------------------------------------------------   The area of Caspian Sea is 3 626 000 km…2.   Around the Caspian Sea are the following countries: Russia,  Azerbaijan, Iran, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan.
3131	One superlative remains: Whidbey Island is indeed the longest island on the Pacific coast of the contiguous United States. This is mainly due to lack of competition from the almost island-free coasts of California and Oregon, though.
3132	Whidbey Island in Washington state is always calling itself the longest island in the United States, or the longest island in the continental United States, or, sometimes, the longest saltwater-surrounded island in the continental United States.
3133	Super Vegito overwhelms Buu with power, beating the monster to a pulp. Eventually beginning to toy with Buu, Buu uses his magic to transform Vegito into a piece of candy. Despite his form, Vegito retains all of his physical strength and control, beating Buu down further with intense speed.
3134	. - Vegetto, asking Vegeta and Goku how they defeated Buu. For information regarding Vegetto as he appears in Dragon Ball Z, go to Dragon Ball Wiki. Vegetto (spelt Vegito in some English translations) is the fusion of Goku and Vegeta through the use of the Potala Earrings. In Universe 16, Vegetto never unfused after entering Buu's body, and went on to father Gohan, Goten, Trunks and Bra.
3135	It isn't until Vegito appears inside Buu that it is revealed that it was all a plan by Vegito to rescue Piccolo, Goten, Trunks, and Gohan. Thanks to a barrier formed by Vegito, he is not absorbed into a pod like the others. Once the barrier is let down, Vegito defuses back into Goku and Vegeta.
3136	Despite his pride, Vegeta, to save his only son, agrees to the fusion. Together, Goku and Vegeta fuse to become the fighter Vegito. Vegito is incredibly powerful upon his original appearance, beating Buu easily. Once Buu decides to use his absolute power, Vegito turns into a Super Saiyan. Super Vegito is statistically the most powerful character in the Dragon Ball Z storyline.
3137	Vegito is able to transform into a Super Saiyan, calling himself  Super Vegito  (or Super Vegerot in the English manga) in this form. As a Super Saiyan, he gains a slight increase in muscle mass, bluish-green eyes, very defined golden hair and eyebrows and a golden aura (with occasional surges of blue electricity).
3138	Vegito is born. Vegito before transforming into a Super Saiyan. Vegito is a fusion formed out of desperation by Goku and Vegeta in an effort to stop Super Buu, an ancient and powerful being whose only purpose is to destroy.
3139	— . The Incredible Fighting Candy . Vegito cannot transform into this form willingly, he takes the form of a coffee-flavored jawbreaker after being turned into it by Super Buu. Super Buu turns Vegito so that he can consume him, but Vegito is still able to fight as a small candy.
3140	Character » appears in 31 games. Goku and Vegeta fuse using the Potara Earrings to become Vegito, the most powerful character in the entire Dragon Ball Z storyline. With the strengths of the two greatest Saiyans, Vegito knows no equal in DBZ.
3141	Vegito's personality is a mixture of both Goku and Vegeta's characteristics. He exhibits Vegeta's cockiness and inclination for taunting others, and playing around with his enemies, wanting them to suffer, but is not as serious, having inherited Goku's easygoing, cheerful nature, easily toying with his opponents.
3142	The Potara Earring Fusion used to form Vegito is what Old Kai considers to be the proper way to do fusion, as opposed to the Fusion Dance technique. The resulting fusion lasts forever, even if the fused being removes the earrings.
3143	Lyme disease, also known as Lyme borreliosis, is an infectious disease caused by bacteria of the Borrelia type. The most common sign of infection is an expanding area of redness, known as erythema migrans, that begins at the site of a tick bite about a week after it has occurred.
3144	Lyme disease is transmitted to humans by the bite of infected ticks of the Ixodes genus. Usually, the tick must be attached for 36 to 48 hours before the bacteria can spread. In North America, Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto and Borrelia mayonii are the cause.
3145	Lyme Disease has many symptoms including fever, sweats, chills, flushing, weight changes, fatigue and tiredness, swollen glands, sore throat, pelvic pain, urinary problems, loss of libido, upset stomach, stiffness in the joints, back and neck, muscle pain, cramps, twitching, headaches, tingling, numbness, burning and stabbing sensations, facial ...
3146	Lyme disease causes depression, which can cause mood swings. Additionally, the pain associated with Lyme is enough to cause patients to become irritable. Lyme disease is a systemic infection that can affect all systems of the human body. This disease is a bacterial infection transmitted by the spirochete, Borrelia burgdorferi.
3147	Thinking Problems. Concentration. Memory. Thinking. Making decisions. Neurological Symptoms. Lyme disease can cause physical, cognitive, and psychiatric symptoms. Symptoms may come and go from week to week, day to day, or even during the day. They can vary in intensity throughout the day. A person can suddenly get a terrible pain in the knee.
3148	Lyme Disease and depression. Depression. It isn't all in your head. Some of the symptoms related to the brain and nervous systems that have been observed in Lyme patients are headache, tremor, facial paralysis (Bell's palsy), tremor, burning or sharp stabbing sensations, numbness, irritability, dementia, and mood swings.
3149	Neurological Symptoms. 1  Lyme disease can cause physical, cognitive, and psychiatric symptoms. 2  Symptoms may come and go from week to week, day to day, or even during the day. 3  They can vary in intensity throughout the day.  A person can suddenly get a terrible pain in the knee.
3150	// Filed in: Lyme Disease Symptoms. Depression. It isn't all in your head. Some of the symptoms related to the brain and nervous systems that have been observed in Lyme patients are headache, tremor, facial paralysis (Bell's palsy), tremor, burning or sharp stabbing sensations, numbness, irritability, dementia, and mood swings.
3151	If you are unusually depressed, or your mood swings are worsening, and you also have some of the other symptoms associated with the disease, such as crushing fatigue, fever, rash, or arthritis, it is very important to consult a Lyme-literate doctor with experience in recognizing Lyme symptoms.
3152	Not all patients with Lyme disease have all symptoms, and many of the symptoms are not specific to Lyme disease, but can occur with other diseases, as well. The incubation period from infection to the onset of symptoms is usually one to two weeks, but can be much shorter (days), or much longer (months to years).
3153	Damien Darhk's description from Ra's doesn't equate to his comic counterpart- but it's possible the writers have amalgamated two characters. Doctor Ebeneezer Darrk was assigned by Ra's to head the League of Assassins, who accordingly holds his own mini league of followers.
3154	Damian Wayne. Damian Wayne or Damian al Ghul (Arabic: داميان الغول) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Batman. He is the son of Batman and Talia al Ghul (Arabic: تاليا الغول), and thus the grandson of Batman villain Ra's al Ghul.
3155	Damian is flustered by Superman's sudden appearance, and Superman asks if Batman is in. When Nightwing confirms he is at his computer, Damian interjects that his father has been, Broodier then usual.. Superman merely responds that his father is the master of brooding.
3156	Damian Wayne is a fictional character in the DC Universe. Damian is the child of Bruce Wayne and Talia al Ghul and thus the grandson of Batman's villain, Ra's al Ghul. The character was created by Mike W. Barr, and first appeared in Batman: Son of the Demon (1987).
3157	This version of Damian Wayne is in a future where Damian becomes Batman after he is unable to save the second Batman from being killed by an unknown killer. Damian has some supernatural power, is willing to kill, as well as having a cat he has named Alfred. Robin: Judge, Jury, Executioner.
3158	Ra's al Ghul's description matches neither character perfectly, but together it does. Ra's says that Damien has a hive of followers - it would seem, in this universe, Darhk heads HIVE, who are his own loyalists who departed the League of Assassins alongside him.
3159	Damian Wayne as Nightwing is a playable character, as the Regime Costume for Nightwing in Injustice: Gods Among Us. He is classified as a Gadget user. He is an agile fighter, and can combine his dual sticks into a large staff.
3160	Batman and Son. Batman and Son is a 2006 comic book story arc featuring the DC Comics character Batman. Written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Andy Kubert, the story was published in four parts in the comic book Batman starting in #655 and ending in #658.
3161	Many speculated that this could mean Damien Wayne, son of the Dark Knight, who has connections to Ra's, but that seemed unlikely (edit: ironically, it's come to my attention the Facebook page for Moviepilot actually shared this as Damien Wayne. That's an error such as the one above).
3162	This version of Damian Wayne is in a future where Damian becomes Batman after he is unable to save the second Batman from being killed by an unknown killer. Damian has some supernatural power, is willing to kill, as well as having a cat he has named Alfred. Revenge Quest.
3163	Roy flies into a violent rage and Pam ends the relationship on the spot. The next day, Roy attempts to attack Jim in the office but is stopped by Dwight's pepper spray and is fired. After losing his job, Roy meets Pam for coffee and says that even though Jim is dating Karen, she should at least make an effort to date him, as she called off the wedding because of him.
3164	The Office brought the workplace comedy to new heights and provided a platform to showcase the talents of individuals who have gone on to become some of the biggest names in Hollywood. Ahead, find out where they are now.
3165	Krasinski broke out as the deadpan, lovelorn, prank-loving Jim Halpert, earning legions of fans for his quiet yearning for office receptionist Pam (Jenna Fischer) in one of the greatest sitcom love stories.
3166	A comedian on the improv circuit, Kemper was best known for viral internet sketches before joining The Office as new receptionist Erin Hannon when Pam moved into a sales job. She then went on to appear in films like Bridesmaids, The Secret Life of Pets, and 21 Jump Street, as well as TV series including The Mindy Project, Sofia the First, and Drunk History.
3167	Trivia. 1  Pam is an accomplished volleyball player, a talent not revealed until the Company Picnic. 2  Since season 7 episode 2 Counseling Pam is the official office administrator. However, Pam lied to get the position as office administrator and was nearly caught by Gabe. Pam has the final talking head interview in the series, during which she delivers the final line of the series: There's a lot of beauty in ordinary things.
3168	Since The Office ended, she’s had recurring roles on several short-lived TV shows, including The Mysteries of Laura and You, Me, and the Apocalypse. She will next be seen in The 15:17 to Paris, Clint Eastwood’s film based on the true story of a terrorist attack on a European train.
3169	1 Pam is an accomplished volleyball player, a talent not revealed until the Company Picnic. 2  Since season 7 episode 2 Counseling Pam is the official office administrator. However, Pam lied to get the position as office administrator and was nearly caught by Gabe.
3170	Pamela Pam Halpert (née Beesly) is a fictional character played by Jenna Fischer in the television series The Office. She is based on Dawn Tinsley in The Office UK. She is currently married to Jim Halpert and has two kids with him, a girl named Cecelia Cece Marie Halpert, and a boy named Phillip Halpert.
3171	Kaling joined the sitcom as a member of the writing staff, but soon found her ditzy, romance-obsessed office worker Kelly Kapoor becoming a fan favorite. In 2010, she was nominated for an Emmy for writing “Niagara,” the episode where Jim and Pam get married.
3172	Pamela Pam Morgan Halpert (née Beesly) is a fictional character played by Jenna Fischer in the television series The Office. She is based on Dawn Tinsley in The Office UK. She is married to Jim...
3173	The package says that they are non-refillable pencils; the thought is that you use it till it runs out of lead and then it's trash. BUT! That is a lie! You can refill them and I encourage you to do so. This video explains how to refill the pencil, complete with close-ups. Don't throw them away, refill them!
3174	This might sound stupid for all of you experienced users of mechanical pencils but...... first time user of a mechanical pencil(Pentel P205)-I have just used up my first piece of lead and need to refill it. BUT I can't figure it out. The lead will not stay in the opening.
3175	I hate regular wood pencils and I don't like those expensive refillable pencils either. I also don't like any mechanical pencil where you click the eraser part to bring out more 'lead'. For example, I tried one by BIC with the clicky eraser and I hated it including how it felt in my hand.
3176	I lost the instructions and can't understand how to refill this mechanical pencil. The end where the lead comes out keeps falling off. The back end where the eraser is located will not stay inside the barrel. There is a little spring, but the pieces do not work together at all.
3177	It's the only one I use. I hate regular wood pencils and I don't like those expensive refillable pencils either. I also don't like any mechanical pencil where you click the eraser part to bring out more 'lead'. For example, I tried one by BIC with the clicky eraser and I hated it including how it felt in my hand.
3178	RE: How do you refill a Papermate Sharpwriter mechanical pencil? It&#39;s one of those pencils that retracts or advances lead by twisting the portion at the bottom, but I don&#39;t know how to refill it. It&#39;s got a spring and this little black lead holder thing inside, which holds only one piece of lead at a time.
3179	How to remove oil Based Paste Ink: Hairspray is your best bet on this one! Lay the stain face down on a clean cloth or paper towel. Spray the back of the stain with an alcohol-based hairspray until it is wet and push the stain through the fabric, replacing the cloth or paper towel underneath as it absorbs the ink.
3180	You can refill them and I encourage you to do so. This video explains how to refill the pencil, complete with close-ups. Don't throw them away, refill them! Remember, the Paper-Mate Sharpwriter pencil uses 0.7mm lead. Standard Pentel lead will work excellent. The video was recorded with a Sony EVO-210 Video 8 8mm VCR.
3181	. . as with someone in 2006, I cannot refill my Sensa Mechanical pencil. I know how to refill the lead container inside. But but earlier reading suggested that is a not an autorefill. But I cannot get lead to to insert from the writing end.
3182	To refill your PhD Multi Pen just unscrew barrel at grip area (squeeze grip &amp; turn barrel counter clockwise), pull out empty refill or lead tube, replace refill (for pencil, place no more than two 0.5mm leads in lead tube and replace) by pushing it firmly into the empty slot, reattach grip to barrel.
3183	About Altus Salaries In Altus, Oklahoma, the average salary is $36,398. Trends in wages are falling with a 0.1 percent decrease over last quarter as of Q2 2017.
3184	This page covers the rules and regulations of having a privately owned firearm on Altus Air Force Base.
3185	Altus participates in Wreaths Across America 97th AMXS members dominate Aircraft Maintenance Competition AETC explores learning possibilities through new pilot training program
3186	How much do workers make in Altus AFB, OK? Choose a job title, and see what salary employees earn for that job in Altus AFB. Glassdoor's Altus AFB salary data is based on 5 reports of salaries, bonuses, wages, and hourly pay, submitted anonymously to Glassdoor by employees in Altus AFB, OK. Are you paid fairly? Get a free, personalized salary estimate.
3187	97th Civil Engineer Squadron trains Altus Airmen; TRICARE Consolidations: Welcome TRICARE East; Altus participates in Wreaths Across America; 97th AMXS members dominate Aircraft Maintenance Competition; AETC explores learning possibilities through new pilot training program ; Altus AFB has new U.S. Air Force Reserves recruiter
3188	Choose a job title, and see what salary employees earn for that job in Altus AFB. Glassdoor's Altus AFB salary data is based on 4 reports of salaries, bonuses, wages, and hourly pay, submitted anonymously to Glassdoor by employees in Altus AFB, OK. Upload a resume to easily apply to jobs from anywhere.
3189	This page lists the phone numbers, location and hours of service for numerous agencies and support services on Altus Air Force Base. altus.af.mil Altus Air Force Base updated their profile picture.
3190	Altus Air Force Base · December 24, 2017 at 7:17am · On December 16, 2017, the Altus community came together to place wreaths on the gravestones of fallen veterans in remembrance of the sacrifices they made defending our country.
3191	Real salaries at 1 companies in Altus AFB, OK. Reported anonymously by 5 Altus AFB employees. Glassdoor salary data for Altus AFB workers.
3192	About Altus Salaries. In Altus, Oklahoma, the average salary is $36,398. Trends in wages are falling with a 0.1 percent decrease over last quarter as of Q2 2017. Popular jobs in Altus include Retail Store Manager, Human Resources (HR) Manager, and Registered Nurse (RN) which pay between $24,630 and $48,454 per year. Some popular Altus industries include Education, Local Government, and Flight Training. Altus's most popular employers are City of Altus, U.S. Air Force (USAF), and Western Oklahoma State College.
3193	Astrocytes B. Dendritic cells C. Langerhans cells D. T lymphocytes E. B lymphocytes Option D (T lymphocytes) is correct. Antigen Presenting Cells (APCs) are found primarily in the skin, lymph nodes, spleen and thymus. They may also be present throughout the diffuse lymphoid system.
3194	Main articles: T cell and B cell. T cells (thymus cells) and B cells (bone marrow-or bursa-derived cells) are the major cellular components of the adaptive immune response. T cells are involved in cell-mediated immunity, whereas B cells are primarily responsible for humoral immunity (relating to antibodies). The function of T cells and B cells is to recognize specific “non-self” antigens, during a process known as antigen presentation.
3195	Primary lymphoid tissues are the tissues in which lymphocytes are generated and differentiateinto mature naive naïve: lymphocytes these are the bone marrow For b, cells and the bone marrow andthe thymus For t; cells they will be discussed In chapter. 7
3196	Inlymph nodes (a) , spleen (b) and the Peyer’spatches of the small intestine (c) , the B cellzones are seen as defined follicles; functionallyequivalent areas, not all as well defined, arefound in all mucosal lymphoid tissues.Proliferating B cells are concentrated in thegerminal centers.
3197	Secondary lymphoid tissues arethe tissues in which immune responses are initiated, and the lymphatic vessels that connectthem to the tissues and the bloodstream and thus to sites of infection (Figure 1-18).
3198	Conversely, at sites of chronic inflammation, organized lymphoid tissue mayform: this is known as tertiary lymphoid tissue. Overview of the Immune Response Chapter 1 15 Figure 1-19 Secondary lymphoid tissues Thespecialized sites of T cell activation are coloredpurple; the sites of B cell activation are blue.
3199	They include natural killer cells (NK cells) (which function in cell-mediated, cytotoxic innate immunity), T cells (for cell-mediated, cytotoxic adaptive immunity), and B cells (for humoral, antibody-driven adaptive immunity). They are the main type of cell found in lymph, which prompted the name lymphocyte.
3200	B Lymphocytes • Develop from stem cells in the bone marrow. • Produce antibodies with specificity for antigens. • Plasma cells = Activated B cells. • Upon activation, a B cell can switch to produce a different class of antibody, with the same antigen specificity.
3201	The three major types of lymphocyte are T cells, B cells and natural killer (NK) cells. Lymphocytes can be identified by their large nucleus.
3202	The T cell regions (purple)are adjacent to the B cell follicles. In the spleen,these form the periarteriolar lymphatic sheaths(PALS) and are surrounded by a region knownas the marginal zone, which we describe in thenext section.
3203	It's a good time to buy in St. Michael. Home Appreciation is up 4.6% in the last 12 months. Browse St. Michael Real Estate. The median home price in St. Michael is $217,866. Browse Homes in this Range. Learn More Mortgage Calculator Home Equity Calculator
3204	Median price asked for vacant for-sale houses and condos in 2015 in this county: $200,152. 1  Median contract rent in 2015: $1,094 (lower quartile is $475, upper quartile is $723) 2  Median gross rent in St. Michael, MN in 2015: $1,194.
3205	St. Michael, Minnesota is the 2,035th largest city in the United States as of 2016. St. Michael, Minnesota is a city. St. Michael, Minnesota is as large as it has ever been. In 2016 St. Michael had its largest population ever. St. Michael, Minnesota is growing extremely quickly. It is growing faster than 93% of similarly sized cities since 2000.
3206	Housing density: 93 houses/condos per square mile. Median price asked for vacant for-sale houses and condos in 2015 in this county: $200,152. Median contract rent in 2015: $1,094 (lower quartile is $475, upper quartile is $723) Median gross rent in St. Michael, MN in 2015: $1,194.
3207	St. Michael, MN (Minnesota) Houses and Residents. Total population: 17,087 (Urban population: 5,248 (all inside urban clusters), Rural population: 3,670 (121 farm, 3,549 nonfarm)) Houses: 3,043 (2,916 occupied: 4,655 owner occupied, 741 renter occupied)
3208	The unemployment rate in St. Michael is 3.70 percent(U.S. avg. is 5.20%). Recent job growth is Positive. St. Michael jobs have Increased by 1.57 percent. Compared to the rest of the country, St. Michael's cost of living is 9.70% Higher than the U.S. average. population As of 2014, St. Michael's population is 17,196 people.
3209	St. Michael, Minnesota Add Favorite 0 Reviews | Review This Place. 1  Profile: Regional-center complex/Capital city. 2  Time zone: Central Standard Time. 3  Elevation: 838. 4  Real Estate: For Sale For Rent. 5  Schools: See Local Schools. 6  City: St. Michael. 7  Zip Codes: 55376.
3210	Means of transportation to work. 1  Drove a car alone: 3,977 (81%) 2  Carpooled: 477 (10%) 3  Bus or trolley bus: 30 (1%) 4  Motorcycle: 2 (0%) 5  Walked: 44 (1%) 6  Other means: 13 (0%) 7  Worked at home: 338 (7%)
3211	What Bert Has To Say About Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington Metro Area. The “twin cities” serve as a regional center for the upper Midwest and northern Great Plains. The fully cosmopolitan area is a balanced industrial, commercial, educational, and cultural center, and functions much as one city.
3212	St. Michael public schools spend $10,360 per student. The average school expenditure in the U.S. is $12,383. There are about 18.1 students per teacher in St. Michael.
3213	It seems that you feel any motorcycle ridden in a riskier fashion will be more dangerous than any moto ridden sedately. I’m with you there; a Hyabusa is as safe or safer, thanks to more acceleration, than a Grom if you follow all traffic laws.
3214	1. The word grom short for grommet is a surf culture slang term that originated in California and is used most often to describe any young kid who's a surfer despite their level of skill.
3215	The September 2015 Honda Grom of the Month contest winner is none other than NJ_Benztech! Congratulations! Thanks to everyone who submitted a photo and to all those who voted. We'll do this again in a couple of weeks so stay tuned!
3216	GROM Car Kits integrate Android® devices, portable music players, iPod®, iPhone®, USB mass storage, Bluetooth® to factory car audio systems.
3217	A bridegroom (sometimes shortened to groom) is a man who will soon or has recently been married. A bridegroom is typically attended by a best man and groomsmen.
3218	The internet's largest Honda Grom Forum! HondaGrom.net is a community dedicated to the Honda Grom/Honda MSX125. Our goal is to be a friendly community comprised of Honda Grom owners and enthusiasts. We have many areas of interest on the site, including the full Honda Grom Forum, Grom Pictures and free photo galleries for all members. To take full advantage of the site, all you need to do is register-it's quick and free.
3219	Small bikes are the future. They are, arguably, more fun as the limit is the bike – not rider ability. Don’t get me wrong – you can still hurt your self – but there is nothing like ringing a lil bike’s neck while finding your limit and the bike’s limit. ENJOY!! Your comment is nonsense, almost in its entirety.
3220	A grom or grommet isnt necessarly a biginner surfer but a YOUNG surfer... usually under the age of 15. Most of the time people that are called groms are youngins who RIP (are good).
3221	No one in their right mind is going to recommend that you go out and drag knees or do burnouts, stoppies or wheelies on the street on a Gixxer 1k OR a Ninja 300. Certainly no responsible journalist is going to recommend that especially for an “entry-level rider”.
3222	I own a R1 and I would love to rag this little thing out! I love the R1, don’t get me wrong, it is incredible, but the Grom just looks like pure fun. …this isn’t “a small bike”. It’s not even a big moped. It’s a medium-sized step-through with footpegs.
3223	Definition of brushstroke. : the configuration given to paint by contact with the bristles of a brush; also : the paint left on a surface by a single application of a brush or palette knife —often used figuratively to describe the quality especially of a narrative or description a story told in broad brushstrokes.
3224	broad strokes. broad (brush) strokes. if you describe a situation with broad strokes, you describe it in a very general way without giving any details The novel's historical background is filled in with broad brush strokes. In a few broad strokes he summed up his beliefs. See also: broad, stroke.
3225	in broad strokes. in broad strokes. also with broad strokes. in a general way, without giving details Mostly, he talked in broad strokes about how his faith supports him every day. Etymology: based on the idea of painting with broad strokes (wide marks made with a wide brush) See also: broad, stroke.
3226	adj. 1  of great breadth:The river was too broad to swim across. 2  measured from side to side:The desk was three feet broad. 3  of great extent; large:the broad expanse of ocean.  widely diffused; 1  open; not limited or narrow; of extensive range or scope:A modern doctor must have a broad knowledge of medicine.  liberal;
3227	Examples. 1  Happily, for those still willing to forgive, the first two post-hiatus outings are Grey's at its moving, funny, broad-stroke best — so good, they may even make up for the midseason slump that preceded them. 'Grey's Anatomy' finally snaps out of its moribund state.
3228	of great breadth:The river was too broad to swim across. measured from side to side:The desk was three feet broad. of great extent; large:the broad expanse of ocean. full:We awoke to broad daylight. of extensive range or scope:A modern doctor must have a broad knowledge of medicine.
3229	Check your grammar now! : the configuration given to paint by contact with the bristles of a brush; also : the paint left on a surface by a single application of a brush or palette knife —often used figuratively to describe the quality especially of a narrative or description a story told in broad brushstrokes.
3230	adj. 1  wide; of great breadth:The Mississippi River is its broadest at this point. [ 2 after a noun of measurement] measured from side to side: three feet broad. 3  open; full;  not limited or narrow; extensive:Our teacher has a broad range of 1  interests. [before a noun] general: in the broad sense of the term.  plain or clear;
3231	broad strokes, the. noun phrase. General details; asi facts: I don't want any details. I understand your hesitation. Just the broad strokes (1980s+)
3232	(idiomatic) Major features or key points; outline. (idiomatic, especially of a narrative or artistic work) Developments, movements, or descriptions presented in a bold or sweeping manner, without intricacy, adornment, or subtlety.
3233	The Mongols invaded Central Europe with three armies. One army defeated an alliance which included forces from fragmented Poland and members of various Christian military orders, led by Henry II the Pious, Duke of Silesia in the battle of Legnica.
3234	The British Empire used to be pretty darned big. It was said that the sun never set on England (and it still might not). A new map is making the rounds that shows the places where the British have invaded. Of the nearly 200 countries out there, the Brits have invaded all but 22. That is just about 90% of all countries! Mongolia, the Ivory Coast, Bolivia and Sweden are among the selective group of making it to 2013 without a British invasion. Here is the map showing where (pink) the British have invaded. The data comes from the new book All the Countries We’ve Ever Invaded: And the Few We Never Got Round To. Author Stuart Laycock went through the history of every country in the world to see where the Brits invaded.
3235	Chinese Invasion from the South. On 11 October, the Chinese began to invade Mongolia from the south, in order to gain the territory which was provided to them through the Khabavorsk Pact. The Chinese forces advanced virtually unopposed into Mongolia from the south.
3236	Regardless of their reasons, the Mongols had completely withdrawn from Central Europe by mid-1242, though they still launched military operations in the west at this time, most notably the 1241–1243 Mongol invasion of Anatolia.
3237	I cannot say to what extent the list of countries supposed to have been invaded by the Brits is accurate, but should we accept it, the countries in the list below would be the candidates for nations never invaded.
3238	The Soviet-Mongolian War was a conflict between the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of Mongolia which began on 7 October, 1967, 50 years after the October Revolution. Though Mongolia was a communist state, democratic uprisings had been sweeping through the nation beginning that summer. The Soviets desired to put these uprisings down. Also, the Soviets greatly desired the oil and mineral rich lands on which Mongolia rests.
3239	According to a book by Stuart Laycock most of the countries in the world have at one point or another been invaded by the British*. The question is not specifically about being invaded by them, but the list might narrow down the number candidates.
3240	Mongol invasion of Hungary. The Mongol invasion of Europe in the 13th century was the military effort by an Asian power, the Mongols, to invade and conquer Europe. It involved the severe and rampant destruction of East Slavic principalities and major cities, such as Kiev and Vladimir.
3241	Warring European princes realized they had to cooperate in the face of a threatened Mongol invasion, so local wars and conflicts were suspended in parts of central Europe, only to be resumed after the Mongols had withdrawn.
3242	Generally, it is countries that act as a buffer state between great-powers that remain uninvaded. Two perfect examples of this are. 1) Mongolia - between USSR and China. 2) Nepal - between British East India and China. Other than this there are very few to no countries that have never been ruled by foreigners.
3243	A, The sterile person picks up the gown by the neck band, holds it at arm's length, and allows it to unfold. B, The gown is held by the shoulder seams with the outside facing the sterile person while that person protects the sterile gloves by placing both hands under the back panel of the gown at the top shoulder seam.
3244	“I think that when you say ‘aseptic technique,’ a lot of people automatically think ‘operating room’ or ‘surgical procedure,’” explains Kathleen Meehan Arias, MS, CIC, president of the Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology (APIC) and director of Arias Infection Control Consulting LLC.
3245	Applying Aseptic Technique in all Clinical Settings. The practice of aseptic technique isn’t solely isolated to the operating room. The practice has a place in every clinical setting. As the mother of a neutropenic infant, many facets of aseptic technique and infection prevention encircle all aspects of my daily life.
3246	Applying Aseptic Technique in all Clinical Settings. By Jennifer Schraag. The practice of aseptic technique isn’t solely isolated to the operating room. The practice has a place in every clinical setting. As the mother of a neutropenic infant, many facets of aseptic technique and infection prevention encircle all aspects of my daily life.
3247	Aseptic techniques are those that do some or all of the following:¹ Remove or kill microorganisms from hands and objects Employ sterile instruments and other items Reduce a patient’s risk of exposure to microorganisms Arias points out that all aspects of aseptic technique are part of infection prevention procedures.
3248	Handwashing. 1  Surgical scrub. 2  Using barriers (personal protective equipment) 3  Patient prep. 4  Maintaining the sterile field. 5  Using safe operative technique (making small incisions, avoiding trauma to tissue and surrounding structures, and controlling bleeding) 6  Maintaining a safer environment in the surgical/procedure area.
3249	“A lot of people don’t think of handwashing as being aseptic technique, but it’s the first step in any procedure involving aseptic technique — wash your hands then put a pair of gloves on.” Glove use is important and gloves must be used appropriately.
3250	C, The palm of the glove is placed on the palm of the dominant hand. D, The bottom part of the cuff is grasped with the fingers of the dominant hand. E, The non-dominant hand grasps the top part of the cuff and pulls it over the dominant hand. F, The gloved hand then picks up the other glove.
3251	I had received this article assignment just prior to our admission and I was determining the best approach to take; ultimately, I realized that stressing the importance of applying aseptic technique in all clinical settings was an important topic to cover.
3252	Aseptic techniques are those that do some or all of the following:¹. 1  Remove or kill microorganisms from hands and objects. 2  Employ sterile instruments and other items. 3  Reduce a patient’s risk of exposure to microorganisms.
3253	[edit on Wikidata] The epineurium is the outermost layer of dense irregular connective tissue surrounding a peripheral nerve. It usually surrounds multiple nerve fascicles as well as blood vessels which supply the nerve. Smaller branches of these blood vessels penetrate into the perineurium.
3254	Adorable animal families that will make you aww. The perineurium is a protective layer of tissue located around nerves in the body and the internal organs. It is composed of concentric layers of connective tissue that form a protective sheath around bundles of nerve fibers.
3255	Small nerves might comprise a single funiculus, but in case of large nerves, the funiculi join to form large bundles of nerve fibers called fasciculi. These are kept together by membranous sheaths or layers of connective tissue called endoneurium, perineurium, and epineurium. The epineurium is a sense layer of connective tissue that envelops the entire nerve trunk. It surrounds the fascicles and the blood vessels that supply the nerve.
3256	(pĕr′ə-no͝or′ē-əm, -nyo͝or′-) n. pl. per·i·neu·ri·a (-no͝or′ē-ə, -nyo͝or′-) The sheath of connective tissue enclosing a bundle of nerve fibers.
3257	The layer of the epineurium that extends within the nerve to define the fascicles is termed the internal epineurium. Together, these two layers form the epineurium, which varies in thickness along the course of a nerve. The epineurium is usually most abundant around joints, as its function is to protect the nerves from stretching and subsequent injury.
3258	In case of the peripheral nerves, Schwann cells that are wrapped around the nerve fibers produce a fatty substance called myelin. Myelin insulates the axons. Endoneurium, perineurium, and epineurium are layers of connective tissue that cover the individual axons, fascicle, and the entire nerve, respectively. It must be noted that both myelinated and unmyelinated axons have an endoneurium.
3259	10 most extreme places on Earth. The perineurium is a protective layer of tissue located around nerves in the body and the internal organs. It is composed of concentric layers of connective tissue that form a protective sheath around bundles of nerve fibers.
3260	The nervous system of the human body consists of the central nervous system and the peripheral nervous system. The peripheral nervous system consists of nerves, which are bundles of nerve fibers that connect the central nervous system to other parts of the body.
3261	You won't believe these 10 facts about people. The perineurium is a protective layer of tissue located around nerves in the body and the internal organs. It is composed of concentric layers of connective tissue that form a protective sheath around bundles of nerve fibers.
3262	These 10 animal facts will amaze you. The perineurium is a protective layer of tissue located around nerves in the body and the internal organs. It is composed of concentric layers of connective tissue that form a protective sheath around bundles of nerve fibers.
3263	A: While Pablo Picasso may be best known as one of the pioneers, along with George Braques, of the Cubism style of art, the Spanish painter and sculptor also painted in many other styles. Before Cubism,...
3264	Pablo Picasso Spanish, 1881-1973 La puce, from Histoire naturelle, 1936, published 1942
3265	Quick Answer. While Pablo Picasso may be best known as one of the pioneers, along with George Braques, of the Cubism style of art, the Spanish painter and sculptor also painted in many other styles. Before Cubism,...
3266	Pablo Picasso (Spanish, 1881-1973) written by Ovid (Italian, 43 B.C.-17 A.D.) printed by Louis Fort (French, 19th-20th centuries) published by Albert Skira (Swiss, 1904-1973) The Combat of Perseus and Phineas for Andromeda, from Les Métamorphoses, September 21, 1930, published 1931.
3267	Pablo Picasso (Spanish, 1881-1973) written by Ovid (Italian, 43 B.C.-17 A.D.) printed by Louis Fort (French, 19th-20th centuries) published by Albert Skira (Swiss, 1904-1973) Two Wrestlers Observed by Three Nude Women, from Les Métamorphoses, published 1931.
3268	Although Picasso was an innovator of abstract art, he also created traditional paintings. After World War I, Picasso moved more toward classical painting techniques, spending less time creating cubist and abstract paintings.
3269	Pablo Picasso (Spanish, 1881-1973) printed and published by Edition Galerie Louise Leiris Plate 222, from 347 gravures, July 27, 1968; printed and published 1969
3270	Pablo Picasso paintings and sculptures inside the Picasso Museum in Paris, France. (Image: Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images News/Getty Images) Pablo Picasso was a prolific artist, producing both classical and innovative works, including painting, prints, ceramics, sculpture and experimental forms. Born in Spain in 1881, Picasso had a career that spanned 70 years, a long career that allowed him the opportunity to develop and experiment with his art.
3271	Pablo Picasso (Spanish, 1881-1973) written by Ovid (Italian, 43 B.C.-17 A.D.) printed by Louis Fort (French, 19th-20th centuries) published by Albert Skira (Swiss, 1904-1973) Numa Follows the Lessons of Pythagoras, from Les Métamorphoses, September 25, 1930, published 1931.
3272	Pablo Picasso (Spanish, 1881-1973) printed by Bruant The Cavalier, from Quatre Lithographies, March 7, 1921, published April 1923
3273	The ability to extract compliance despite resistance. 1  20 pages. yg8. NE E SC E E IM DO OT N CR SS O C E IM R S E EN C DO N CE NE DO NO TC RO SS Deviance 2  &. 11 pages. yg9. Crime & Deviance Week 6 Remainder of lecture Deviance & Crime Crime: Anyactthatviola. 3  18 pages. yg10.
3274	D. Power is the ability to carry out your will despite resistance. 1. Sociologists Daniel Hellinger and Dennis Judd coined the term the “democratic façade” to refer to an ideology promoted by the elites to legitimate and perpetuate their power. 2. Mills coined the term the “power elite” to refer to those who are the big decision
3275	Chapter Eight: Social Class in the United States Learning Objectives Understand social class. Differentiate between power, prestige, property, and status. Explore the updated models of Marx and Weber’s classification of social class. Analyze the consequences of social class and its impact on various facets of people’s lives.
3276	summarizes the level of consciousness most Americans have regarding social class. that sociologists have no clear-cut, agreed-upon definition of social class. people who rank close to one another in terms of property, power, and prestige. Wealth and income are not synonymous. It is possible to have great wealth and little income or little wealth but a high income. Wealth and income are unevenly distributed in the United States with a large and growing gap separating the richest Americans from the poorest.
3277	: the ability to extract compliance despite resistance or the ability to get others to do what you want them to do, regardless of their own desires. This preview has intentionally blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version.
3278	family life, education, religion, and politics. The lower one’s social class, the more likely that individual will die before the expected age. People from the lower classes are also more likely to smoke, eat more fat, use drugs and alcohol excessively, become involved with violent crime,
3279	property, prestige, and power (p. 212) status: the position that someone occupies in a social group (p. 218) status consistent: ranking high or low on all three dimensions of social class (p. 217) status inconsistency: ranking high on some dimensions of social class and low on others (p.
3280	: the ability to extract compliance despite resistance or the ability to get others to do what you want them to do, regardless of their own desires This preview has intentionally blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version.
3281	3. Status symbols, which vary according to social class, are ways of displaying prestige. In the United States, they include designer label clothing, expensive cars, prestigious addresses, and attending particular schools. F. Status inconsistency is the term used to describe the situation of people who have a
3282	Ownership of property (real estate, stocks and bonds, and so on) is not distributed. evenly: 10 percent of the nation’s families owns 75 percent of the wealth, and the. wealthiest 1 percent of Americans own more than one-third of all assets in the. United States.
3283	The Internship Program is based in the Career Services Center, which is responsible for program operations and management via the center’s Internship Coordinator. Faculty internship sponsors supervise the academic component of internships and evaluate the students’ internship experiences.
3284	They also have specialized offices and employees whose primary responsibility is to help you get a job. Use them! Many of the advantages of college internships can also be realized through campus jobs and by getting in with alums who have been where you are at, and can help you get to where you want to be.
3285	10 Benefits of Starting an Internship Program. Find future employees. An internship program is a year-round recruiting tool. Fall internships, summer internships, semester internships, and quarterly internships, implementing an internship program means you have an ongoing pipeline of future fulltime employees. For many, the process of recruiting and hiring is a drain on company resources.
3286	2. Student Intern: A student registered for an academic or non-academic internship credit and involved in a work/learn experience. 3. Internship Director: The individual who coordinates the Sweet Briar College Internship Program.
3287	College internships are a great way to address both of those issues at the same time. As such, the importance of internships to college students demands serious consideration.
3288	In addition to information and resources regarding college internships, CollegeView also offers the following information to help students prepare for college: 1  College Life Quotes.
3289	Students may earn a total of 3 credits per semester per employment site, and a maximum total of 6 credits per semester per employment site with the approval of a faculty sponsor. A maximum of 12 credits of internship can be applied to the Sweet Briar undergraduate degree.
3290	And college internships are great for this. The importance of internships to college students in terms of networking and gaining new resources cannot be understated. Building a network of “who you knows” through college student internships can pay great dividends upon graduation.
3291	8. Academic Internship Sponsor Contact Form: A form with contact information for the intern and on-site supervisor. 9. Warning, Waiver, Covenant, and Release of Liability and Agreement to Participate: Outlines the student’s willingness to participate in the internship knowing the risks and conditions involved.
3292	There are a variety of ways of evaluating a student’s progress and achievement in the internship. These include an evaluation of work by the on-site supervisor, a student’s self-evaluation, a visit to the work site by the faculty sponsor, and specific academic requirements fulfilled by the student.
3293	Tonic Water. Just because it contains the word water in its name and is carbonated doesn't mean that tonic water is in the same category as bubbly waters. Unlike the other carbonated options, tonic water has a distinct flavor and it certainly can't be swapped out (or in) for carbonated water. Tonic water is a bitter drink (a result of the addition of quinine) which pairs particularly well with gin.
3294	Winner: Soda Water. Fizz check! Tonic water contains 83 calories and 21.5 grams of sugar, while soda water contains zero. That's almost as much calories and sugar in tonic water as a regular cola soda (90 calories; 25g sugar)! Water is not created equal.
3295	In fact, vodka's neutral taste does account for much of its appeal: It mixes equally well with tonic water and tomato juice, and it can be as crisp and corporate as James Bond's vodka martinis or as trashy as the swamp waters my local bartender mixes (made of vodka and Mountain Dew).
3296	Which vodka is the best? By Alex Abramovich. According to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives—which sets the rules for spirits sold in the United States—vodka is defined as a neutral spirit without distinctive character, aroma, taste or color..
3297	Vodka tonic. A vodka tonic is an alcoholic drink made with varying proportions of vodka and tonic water. Vodka tonics are frequently garnished with a slice of lime or lemon. One commonly used recipe is one part vodka and one part tonic water in a tumbler over ice, with a generous lime wedge squeezed into it. Navigation menu.
3298	It's a common misconception that tonic water and soda water (or seltzer) are the same thing. You may be shocked to find out that there's a huge difference between the two waters when it comes to calorie counting. Click through to find out the winner of the waters.
3299	Ketel One Vodka Ketel One is one of the smoothest, cleanest vodkas you will find and their portfolio is simple, opting for just two great citrus vodkas. Ketel One Vodka If you are seeking out the ultimate of smooth vodkas with no frills, Ketel One is it. It is truly one of the cleanest vodkas you will come across.
3300	Fill a highball glass with ice. Pour vodka in glass (I like Skyy or Grey Goose). Top with tonic water (I use diet tonic water at home). Squeeze lime wedge(s) over the drink, drop wedge(s) into drink, and lightly stir. Enjoy! Submit a Correction.
3301	of 10. Grey Goose Vodka Grey Goose is a fantastic vodka brand with a few flavors that are perfect for mixing up great cocktails. Grey Goose Vodka Grey Goose is a go-to vodka for many. When in doubt, order Grey Goose; it's that simple because you will rarely be disappointed.
3302	Directions See How It's Made. 1  Fill a highball glass with ice. 2  Pour vodka in glass (I like Skyy or Grey Goose). Top with tonic water (I use diet tonic water at home). 3  Squeeze lime wedge(s) over the drink, drop wedge(s) into drink, and lightly stir. 4  Enjoy! Submit a Correction.
3303	Accordingly, you are not subject to income tax by California even though the services that gave rise to the grant may have been performed in this state. An alternative minimum tax (AMT) adjustment must be made in the year you exercise the incentive stock option.
3304	Residents - How to claim the credit. 1  The tax must be paid to a state that does not allow California residents a credit against taxes imposed by that state. 2  The income must have its source in the other state. 3  The same income must be taxed by both states. 4  Substantiation must be provided showing that a tax return was filed with the other state.
3305	For further guidance on California’s franchise tax, corporate income tax, and alternative minimum tax, check the Franchise Tax Board website. For information on business-related taxes in other states, check Nolo’s 50-State Guide to Business Income Tax.
3306	Nonresidents - How to claim the credit. 1  The tax must be paid to a state that allows California residents a credit against taxes imposed by that state. See California Schedule S for a listing of the applicable states. 2  The same income must be taxed by both states.
3307	A few states have no corporate income tax, and a few other states have no personal income tax. Apart from taxing business income through a corporate income tax or a personal income tax, many states impose a separate tax on at least some businesses, sometimes called a “franchise tax” or “privilege tax.”
3308	The tax must be paid to a state that does not allow California residents a credit against taxes imposed by that state. See California Schedule S for a listing of the applicable states. The income must have its source in the other state. California law and its associated case decisions are the authority for the determination of the source of income, or any matter affecting the computation regardless of any provision or interpretation of the law of the other state.
3309	The tax must be paid to a state that allows California residents a credit against taxes imposed by that state. See California Schedule S for a listing of the applicable states. The same income must be taxed by both states. Generally, income that is taxed by California and the other state will be the same amounts.
3310	California corporations without taxable income are subject to California’s franchise tax. California corporations with taxable income are subject to the state’s corporate income tax and, potentially, the state’s alternative minimum tax. Example: For the latest tax year, your California corporation had taxable net income of $100,000.
3311	Residents - How to claim the credit. 1  The tax must be paid to a state that does not allow California residents a credit against taxes imposed by that state. See California Schedule S for a listing of the applicable states. 2  The income must have its source in the other state.
3312	California is unusual among the states in that, while it does recognize the federal S election, it does not treat S corporations as pass-through entities for state tax purposes. Instead, California requires S corporations to pay a 1.5% franchise tax on income, with a minimum tax of $800.
3313	There was only one saving grace for the Ultimate universe and the promise it had once held: Bendis’s Ultimate Spider-Man stories. Bendis was Marvel’s golden boy, and although his stories acknowledged that Ultimatum happened, Quesada never forced him to change the optimistic tone of his beloved series.
3314	The imprint was launched in 2000 with the publication of the series Ultimate Spider-Man and Ultimate X-Men, providing new original stories for the characters. The Marvel Multiverse, which comprises an infinite number of galaxies and alternate universes, calls this universe Earth-1610.
3315	Ultimate Universe. Ultimate Universe. In this reality, with some exceptions, Earth was all but devoid of heroes until very late in the 20th Century. At this time, a sudden upsurge in accidentally, and sometimes purposefully, powered individuals drove the public into an increased state of paranoia and anxiety.
3316	appearance of Spider-Man (Ultimate Spider-Man #1, 2000); appearance of the X-Men (Ultimate X-Men #1, 2001); appearance of the Ultimates (The Ultimates #1, 2001); appearance of the Fantastic Four (Ultimate Fantastic Four #1, 2004) In this reality, with some exceptions, Earth was all but devoid of heroes until very late in the 20th Century.
3317	The Ultimate Universe (Earth-1610) was introduced in 2000 with the publication of Ultimate Spider-Man, followed by Ultimate X-Men in 2001, The Ultimates in 2002, and Ultimate Fantastic Four in 2004.
3318	Paragraph 4. The Creator. 279 In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.116 Holy Scripture begins with these solemn words. The profession of faith takes them up when it confesses that God the Father almighty is Creator of heaven and earth (Apostles' Creed), of all that is, seen and unseen (Nicene Creed).
3319	The history of Ultimate Marvel is, in a way, a story about warring approaches to a reboot: Bendis’s and Millar’s. Bendis wanted to polish the old archetypes; Millar wanted to aggressively critique them. Bendis sought timeless stories; Millar craved biting contemporary political critique.
3320	Ultimate Marvel, later known as Ultimate Comics, was an imprint of comic books published by Marvel Comics, featuring re-imagined and updated versions of the company's superhero characters from the Ultimate Universe. Those characters include Spider-Man, the X-Men, the Avengers and the Fantastic Four.
3321	Ultimate Spider-Man, Ultimate X-Men, The Ultimates, and the newly launched Ultimate Fantastic Four all existed in the same universe, meaning the sleek, Ultimate versions of Marvel’s characters were all hanging out with one another in their own little pocket of fiction.
3322	Paragraph 4. 279 In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.116 Holy Scripture begins with these solemn words. The profession of faith takes them up when it confesses that God the Father almighty is Creator of heaven and earth (Apostles' Creed), of all that is, seen and unseen (Nicene Creed).
3323	San Felipe, Guanajuato, Mexico - Monthly weather averages including average high and low Temperature, Precipitation, Pressure, Wind Charts to assist you in planning your travel, holiday or an outdoor activity at San Felipe, Mexico
3324	Guanajuato · Population. Question: What is the population of Guanajuato? Answer: Guanajuato, Mexico (Administrative unit: Guanajuato) - last known population is ≈ 70 800 (year 2014). This was 0.056% of total Mexico population. If population growth rate would be same as in period 2010-2014 (-0.5%/year), Guanajuato population in 2017 would be: 69 741*.
3325	31 states (estados, singular - estado) and 1 city* (ciudad); Aguascalientes, Baja California, Baja California Sur, Campeche, Chiapas, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Colima, Cuidad de Mexico*, Durango, Guanajuato, Guerrero, Hidalgo, Jalisco, Mexico, Michoacan, Morelos, Nayarit, Nuevo Leon, Oaxaca, Puebla, Queretaro, Quintana Roo, San Luis Potosi, Sinaloa, Sonora, Tabasco, Tamaulipas, Tlaxcala, Veracruz, Yucatan, Zacatecas
3326	La ciudad ha recibido varios nombres durante su historia. En 1889, mediante un decreto gubernativo, se cambió el nombre de San Felipe por el de Ciudad González, en honor del gobernador Manuel González.
3327	Población de ciudades cercanas a San Felipe • León 60 km, 230° • Lagos de Moreno 75 km, 259° • Silao 63 km, 200° • Guanajuato 51 km, 185° • Dolores Hidalgo 46 km, 141° • San Luis de la Paz 74 km, 105° • Centro Familiar la Soledad 66 km, 235° • Marfil 54 km, 187° • La Ermita 64 km, 235° • Romita 74 km, 204°
3328	in San Felipe (Guanajuato) Contents: Main Locality The population development of San Felipe as well as related information and services (weather, Wikipedia, Google, images).
3329	San Felipe. San Felipe is a Municipality of 106952 inhabitants, placed in the State of Guanajuato, with a fertility rate of 3.10 children per woman. 10.47% of the population migrated from outside the State of Guanajuato. 0.26% of the population is indigenous, 0.11% of the inhabitants speak one indigenous language, and 0.00% speak that indigenous language, but not Spanish.
3330	San Felipe is situated on Mexico’s Baja peninsula, about a two-hour road drive (125 miles) south of Mexicali on the U.S.-Mexico Border.
3331	See the Calendar for all listed upcoming events >>. Fairway Condo w/Sea Views in La Ventana Del Mar $135 K. Offering Full Ownership Rights via Fideicomiso, La Ventana del Mar is San Felipe’s premiere resort community. La Ventana del Mar is on The Sea of Cortez and home to Las Caras de Mexico 18-hole Golf Course.
3332	Guanajuato (Spanish pronunciation: [gwanaˈxwato]), officially the Free and Sovereign State of Guanajuato (Spanish: Estado Libre y Soberano de Guanajuato), is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, are the 32 Federal entities of Mexico. It is divided into 46 municipalities and its capital city is Guanajuato.
3333	The Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) became effective January 1, 1987. All Federal civilian employees hired after this date are covered under FERS. FERS retirement eligibility is based on years of service and minimum retirement age (MRA).
3334	Note: There is an exception to this “5-year test” for employees who were covered under CSRS prior to Jan. 1, 1984 and another exception for employees of the D.C. Govt. who were covered under CSRS prior to Oct. 1, 1987 that will not be addressed in this article.
3335	CSRS Offset coverage was effectively introduced in 1987 (the same time that FERS was effectively introduced). FERS and CSRS Offset coverage exists today primarily because of some Social Security amendments that were passed by Congress in the mid-1980s.
3336	Congress created the Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) in 1986, and it became effective on January 1, 1987. Since that time, new Federal civilian employees who have retirement coverage are covered by FERS. Civil Service employees pay Social Security taxes and contribute to the Basic Benefit Plan.
3337	Federal Employee Retirement System - FERS. DEFINITION of 'Federal Employee Retirement System - FERS'. A system that became effective in 1987 and replaced the Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) as the primary retirement plan for U.S. federal civilian employees.
3338	However, as in the example above, if the employee under CSRS Interim had at least 5 years of potentially creditable service as of Dec. 31, 1986, then they should have been converted to CSRS Offset (with the option to elect FERS).
3339	Determine Your FERS Eligibility. Congress created the Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) in 1986, and it became effective on January 1, 1987. Since that time, new Federal civilian employees who have retirement coverage are covered by FERS. The FERS plan consists of three parts:
3340	Eligibility and payment amounts are based on age, years of service and contributions to the plan. Although less generous than CSRS was, FERS is more generous than many corporate plans. Federal employees hired after 1983 are automatically covered by FERS, rather than CSRS. Civil Service Retirement System ...
3341	Before FERS and CSRS Offset became effective on Jan. 1, 1987, an employee who initially obtained a federal position eligible for retirement coverage between Jan. 1, 1984 and Dec. 31, 1986 was given temporary retirement coverage called CSRS Interim.
3342	Federal Employee Retirement System - FERS. A system that became effective in 1987 and replaced the Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) as the primary retirement plan for U.S. federal civilian employees.
3343	An omelet -- just don't skip the yolk. Eat it for: The B vitamins and protein. Egg yolks are the vitamin-B-rich part of the egg. Other examples: Lean beef, wheat germ, fish, poultry. Why they help: A diet rich in B vitamins can help lessen the severity of depression symptoms.
3344	2. Eat it for: The magnesium. Examples: Pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, cashews, almonds, peanuts. (Green leafy vegetables and whole grains are also high in magnesium.). Why they help: Magnesium, a mineral found naturally in nuts and seeds, influences production of serotonin, a feel-good brain chemical.
3345	Spam or misleading text. 1. There’s a difference between sadness and depression, and though that doesn’t take away from a diagnosis, it is empowering as a distinction. 2. One of the most useful strategies I’ve found, plain and simple: make it a point to laugh every day. 3. Still, there are some days when things just hurt. That’s nothing to run ...
3346	Most forms of depression are, and whether that is due to medication, therapy, exercise, or a combination of those or anything else varies from person to person.
3347	1 Depression is very common and is nothing to be embarrassed about. 2  The best thing you can do for someone who has depression is to help him or her get treatment. 3  Don't ignore talk about suicide. 4  Talk to a doctor, or call 911 or emergency help if needed.
3348	4. I know a bad day doesn’t mean a bad life. I know I have a good life, filled with amazing friends and a wonderful family. I genuinely love my job (and a lot of people, with or without depression, don’t always feel that way about their jobs, so I know that makes me a little weird in its own merit).
3349	1. Eat it for: The B vitamins and protein. Egg yolks are the vitamin-B-rich part of the egg. Other examples: Lean beef, wheat germ, fish, poultry. Why they help: A diet rich in B vitamins can help lessen the severity of depression symptoms.
3350	1. There’s a difference between sadness and depression, and though that doesn’t take away from a diagnosis, it is empowering as a distinction. Though you may feel depressed, a person who has depression is not always a “depressed person,” in whatever way — hyperbolic or otherwise — that phrase has come to mean.
3351	While any whole grain is good, so-called ancient grains are even better, according to Reardon, because they're less likely to be man-modified and processed. Packaged, processed, and refined foods made with wheat flour and sugar, in contrast, tend to be digested quickly, causing cause blood sugar to spike.
3352	Why they help: There's a reason fish is known as brain food.. Fatty fish such as wild salmon contain the omega-3 fatty acid DHA, which has been shown to increase the membrane quality and nerve function of gray matter in the brain.
3353	The human femur can resist forces of 1,800 to 2,500 pounds, so it is not easily fractured. A break in this bone can only result from a large amount of force, such as a car accident or a fall from an extreme height. Such an injury can take three to six months to heal. Back to Leg.
3354	Find more videos at: https://www.kenhub.com. Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://bit.ly/VOEG2I. This is an Anatomy video tutorial covering the bones, ligaments and joints of the pelvis (hip bone) and the thigh (femur). For more Human Anatomy video tutorials, interactive quizzes, articles and an atlas of Human Anatomy, go to https://www.kenhub.com ! Or subscribe to our Youtube channel: http://bit.ly/VOEG2I.
3355	You must be a registered user to view the premium content in this website. If you already have a username and password, enter it below. If your textbook came with a card and this is your first visit to this site, you can use your registration code to register, or purchase access.
3356	Femur. The femur is the only bone located within the human thigh. It is both the longest and the strongest bone in the human body, extending from the hip to the knee. Important features of this bone include the head, medial and lateral condyles, patellar surface, medial and lateral epicondyles, and greater and lesser trochanters.
3357	The human skeleton is the internal framework of the body. It is composed of 270 bones at birth – this total decreases to 206 bones by adulthood after some bones have fused together. The bone mass in the skeleton reaches maximum density around age 30. The human skeleton can be divided into the axial skeleton and the appendicular skeleton. The axial skeleton is formed by the vertebral column, the rib cage and the skull.
3358	The head of the femur articulates with the acetabulum in the pelvic bone forming the hip joint, while the distal part of the femur articulates with the tibia and patella forming the knee joint.
3359	The femur (/ˈfiːmər/) (pl. femurs or femora (/ˈfɛmərə/)), or thigh bone, is the most proximal (closest to the center of the body) bone of the leg in tetrapod vertebrates capable of walking or jumping, such as most land mammals, birds, many reptiles such as lizards, and amphibians such as frogs.
3360	The human skeleton serves six major functions; support, movement, protection, production of blood cells, storage of ions and endocrine regulation.
3361	Structure [edit]. The femur is the only bone in the thigh. The two femurs converge medially toward the knees, where they articulate with the proximal ends of the tibiae. The angle of convergence of the femora is a major factor in determining the femoral-tibial angle.
3362	The femur is categorised as a long bone and comprises a diaphysis, the shaft (or body) and two epiphysis or extremities that articulate with adjacent bones in the hip and knee.
3363	II. Basic Elements Of Protein Structure A. Helices. The α-helix is the classic element of protein structure. A single α-helix can order as many as 35 residues whereas the longest β strands include only about 15 residues, and one helix can have more influence on the stability and organization of a protein than any other individual structure element.
3364	A. Helices. 1  The α-helix is the classic element of protein structure. A single α-helix can order as many as 35 residues whereas the longest β strands include only about 15 residues, and one helix can have more influence on the stability and organization of a protein than any other individual structure element.
3365	Alpha Helices. The alpha helix is a rod-like structure whose inner section is formed by a tightly coiled main chain, with its side chains extending outward in a helical array. The alpha helix structure takes advantage of the hydrogen bond between CO and NH groups of the main chain to stabilize. The CO group of each amino acid forms a hydrogen bond with the NH group of amino acid four residues earlier in the sequence.
3366	The only other principal helical species besides the α-helix which occurs to any great extent in globular protein structure is the 3 10-helix (see Fig. 17), with a three-residue repeat and a hydrogen bond to residue n + 3 instead of n + 4.
3367	backbone is coiled up like a very tight clockwise screw thread or the cord of a telephone. The peptide link plates form the wall of the tube with the Ca atoms projecting a little from the surface. The side chain groups, attached to the Ca atoms, project outwards from the wall of the tube (figure 8).
3368	A level chemistry resource. Protein structure The a-helix. Secondary structure (continued) We can describe the arrangement of a
3369	The right-handed α-helix is the most common secondary structure found in protein, with 3.6 amino acid residues observed per turn of the helix (Fig. 4-5).
3370	Handedness is an enormously influential parameter in protein structure; most features for which handedness can be defined prefer one sense to the other, and the α-helix is only the first of many examples we will encounter.
3371	The a-helix. 3.2 Secondary structure (continued) We can describe the arrangement of atoms around the peptide link (the conformation) by giving the degree and direction in which the Ca-CO and N-Ca bonds are rotated. When a number of successive peptide links have identical rotations the polypeptide chain takes up a particular secondary structure. There are several types of secondary structure, but we will concentrate on just two: the a-helix and the b-pleated sheet. In both cases you will see how the regular conformation allows the structure to be stabilised by forming many relatively strong hydrogen bonds. The a-helix The a-helix is like a narrow-bore tube.
3372	The helix dipole may contribute to the binding of charged species to the protein: for example, negative nucleotide phosphates, which are typically found near the N-termini of helices. FIG. 17. A short segment of 310 helix from carbonic anhydrase (residues 159-164). Main chain carbonyl oxygens are shown as open circles.
3373	Thus, a drop in the price level decreases the interest rate, which increases the demand for investment and thereby increases aggregate demand. The third reason for the downward slope of the aggregate demand curve is Mundell-Fleming's exchange-rate effect.
3374	(This is known as the law of demand.). In contrast, the aggregate demand curve used in macroeconomics shows the relationship between the overall (i.e. average) price level in an economy, usually represented by the GDP Deflator, and the total amount of all goods demanded in an economy.
3375	The first reason for the downward slope of the aggregate demand curve is Pigou's wealth effect. Recall that the nominal value of money is fixed, but the real value is dependent upon the price level. This is because for a given amount of money, a lower price level provides more purchasing power per unit of currency.
3376	DEFINITION of 'Aggregate Demand'. The total amount of goods and services demanded in the economy at a given overall price level and in a given time period. It is represented by the aggregate-demand curve, which describes the relationship between price levels and the quantity of output that firms are willing to provide. Normally there is a negative relationship between aggregate demand and the price level. Also known as total spending.
3377	The most noticeable feature of the aggregate demand curve is that it is downward sloping, as seen in. There are a number of reasons for this relationship. Recall that a downward sloping aggregate demand curve means that as the price level drops, the quantity of output demanded increases. Similarly, as the price level drops, the national income increases. There are three basic reasons for the downward sloping aggregate demand curve.
3378	(Note that goods in this context technically refers to both goods and services.) Specifically, the aggregate demand curve shows real GDP, which, in equilibrium, represents both total output and total income in an economy, on its horizontal axis.
3379	Students learn in microeconomics that the demand curve for a good, which shows the relationship between the price of a good and the quantity of the good that consumers demand-i.e. are willing, ready, and able to purchase-has a negative slope.
3380	Aggregate demand is the demand for the gross domestic product (GDP) of a country, and is represented by this formula: Aggregate Demand (AD) = C + I + G + (X-M) C = Consumers' expenditures on goods and services. I = Investment spending by companies on capital goods.
3381	Therefore, the aggregate demand curve must slope downwards for different reasons. In fact, there are three reasons why the aggregate demand curve exhibits this pattern: the wealth effect, the interest-rate effect, and the exchange-rate effect.
3382	(Technically, in the context of aggregate demand, the Y on the horizontal axis represents aggregate expenditure .) As it turns out, the aggregate demand curve also slopes downwards, giving a similar negative relationship between price and quantity that exists with the demand curve for a single good.
3383	Niger has an extremely low literacy rate at 28.7%. However, the gender gap between males and females is a major problem for the country, males have a literacy rate of 42.9% and females a literacy rate of 15.1%. The Nigerien government defines literacy as anyone who can read or write over the age of 15.
3384	Occupied Housing Units That Were Moved Into in 2010 or Later (5-Year ACS). Occupied Housing Units With 1.01 or More Occupants Per Room (5-Year ACS). Occupied Housing Units With Electricity as Principal Heating Fuel (5-Year ACS). Occupied Housing Units With Fuel Oil, Kerosene, Etc.
3385	There are no universal definitions and standards of literacy. Most presented rates are based on the ability to read and write at a specified age. Information on literacy, while not a perfect measure of educational results, is probably the most easily available and valid for international comparisons. Low levels of literacy, and education in general, can impede the economic development of a country in the current rapidly changing, technology-driven world.
3386	The literacy rate in Kenya among people below 20 years of age is over 70%, as the first 8 years of primary school are provided tuition-free by the government. In January 2008, the government began offering a restricted program of free secondary education.
3387	Senegal has a literacy rate of 49.7%; the government defines literacy as anyone who is at least 15 years of age and over who can read and write. However, many students do not attend school long enough to be considered literate.
3388	List of countries by literacy rate. Rank Country Literacy Rate%. 1 Finland 100%. 1 Georgia 100%. 1 Luxembourg 100%. 1 Norway 100%. 5 Cuba 99.8. 5 Estonia 99.8. 7 Barbados 99.7.
3389	Source: PRB 2005 Women of Our World. PRB The World's Women and Girls 2011 Data Sheet. Footnotes: 1  1 : (-) Data unavailable, inapplicable, or not collected.
3390	Denmark is free, secure and the most happiest country in the world. That's pretty cool! By: Eske Gerup1 | 5 / 5 | 7 months ago. Nice country. I have lived in this country for a couple of years and i love it, well not the government nor the taxes.
3391	People Ages 1 and Older Who Lived in a Different House 1 Year Ago (5-Year ACS). People Ages 1 and Older Who Lived in a Different House Within the Same State 1 Year Ago (5-Year ACS). People Ages 1 and Older Who Lived in a Different State 1 Year Ago (5-Year ACS).
3392	People Ages 1 and Older Who Lived in a Different House 1 Year Ago (1-Year ACS). People Ages 1 and Older Who Lived in a Different House Within the Same State 1 Year Ago (1-Year ACS). People Ages 1 and Older Who Lived in a Different State 1 Year Ago (1-Year ACS).
3393	Often, the first test used to diagnose anemia is a complete blood count (CBC). The CBC measures many parts of your blood. This test checks your hemoglobin and hematocrit (hee-MAT-oh-crit) levels. Hemoglobin is an iron-rich protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen to the body. Hematocrit is a measure of how much space red blood cells take up in your blood. A low level of hemoglobin or hematocrit is a sign of anemia.
3394	To evaluate your body's current level of iron. When your doctor suspects that you may have too little or too much iron in your system. A blood sample drawn from a vein in your arm. Your doctor may request that you fast for 12 hours prior to some iron tests; in this case, only water is permitted.
3395	Transferrin level, or total iron-binding capacity. Transferrin is a protein that carries iron in your blood. Total iron-binding capacity measures how much of the transferrin in your blood isn't carrying iron. If you have iron-deficiency anemia, you'll have a high level of transferrin that has no iron.
3396	The amount of ferritin in the blood (serum ferritin level) is directly related to the amount of iron stored in your body. Iron is important for red blood cell production. Your doctor may order this test if you have signs or symptoms of anemia due to low iron.
3397	Ferritin blood test. The ferritin blood test measures the level of ferritin in the blood. Ferritin is a protein found inside cells that stores iron so your body can use it later. A ferritin test indirectly measures the amount of iron in your blood. A blood sample is needed.
3398	Hemoglobin, serum iron, TIBC or UIBC and serum ferritin are sufficient to establish a basic picture of one’s iron status, but in conditions of disease that may be due to blood cell production or cancers, other tests or procedures are needed to determine the cause for abnormal iron levels.
3399	We are now offering Direct-to-Consumer Blood Tests! Iron Disorders Institute (IDI), in partnership with its affiliate Health-e-Iron LLC, are now offering direct-to-consumer lab tests. Test vouchers can be purchased online in 45 participating states and the District of Columbia.
3400	A fasting serum iron and IBC are needed to calculate the transferrin-iron saturation percentage (TS%) Calculating TS%: Fasting* serum iron ÷ TIBC X 100%= transferrin-iron saturation percentage (TS%) *Fasting is nothing by mouth (except water or prescribed medications) after midnight or at least 5 hours before tests.
3401	Hemoglobin measures functional iron. This iron delivers oxygen to cells and carries carbon dioxide away from cells. Serum iron: is a test that measures the iron level in your blood. Serum ferritin is often referred to as the body’s place for storing iron.
3402	For this test, a sample of your blood is examined under a microscope. If you have iron-deficiency anemia, your red blood cells will look smaller and paler than normal. Tests to measure iron levels. These tests can show how much iron has been used from your body's stored iron.
3403	The protein is shorter than usual and does not contain all the amino acids that it should. Therefore, this protein is most likely nonfunctional. Frameshift Mutations Another type of mutation is a frameshift mutation which is caused by the insertion or a deletion of a base pair. An inserted or deleted nucleotide alters the triplet grouping of nucleotides into codons and shifts the reading frame so that all nucleotides downstream from the mutation will be improperly grouped.
3404	So, the 2 types of frameshift mutations are insertion & deletion. A frameshift is always serious, because the entire genetic code is messed up from the point of insertion/deletion onward. A point mutation means that 1 single base is altered.
3405	A point mutation will change only one particular base of the codon, so it will only cause a change in one of the amino acids that will make up the protein. A deletion mutati…on will completely remove a base- causing a change in every amino acid that follows the deletion.
3406	Report Abuse. 1  Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more. 2  Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more. 3  Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more.
3407	point mutation has transition (when a purine base is substituted with another purine or pyramidine with pyramidine) or transversion (purine with pyramidine or vice versa) point mutations give rise to silent mutation, nonsense mutation and missense mutation. silent mutations are the least harmful cause their change of the base does not result in anything cause they code for the same amino acid. missense codes for a different amino acid, and nonsense codes for a stop codon.
3408	a framshift mutation does not occur in multiples of threes. if you know, three nucleotide makes up an amino acid. so if there are a deletion or insertion in the middle, that means that all the nucleotides from that mutation on is 'shifted' in a very incorrect fashion. frameshift mutation is thus very harmful.
3409	A point mutation is a change in a single base pair in DNA. A change in a single nitrogenous base can change the entire structure of a protein because a change in a single amin…o acid can affect the shape of the protein. A frameshift mutation is a mutation in which a single base is added or deleted from DNA.
3410	Frameshift mutation. A frameshift mutation (also called a framing error or a reading frame shift) is a genetic mutation caused by indels (insertions or deletions) of a number of nucleotides in a DNA sequence that is not divisible by three.
3411	Insertion mutations can affect many amino acids in the protein. An insertion mutation usually causes more defects during protein  synthesis than point mutation because an ins…ertion mutation will  affect many amino acids in the protein.
3412	Frameshift mutation - See also. 1  Translational frameshift. 2  Transcription (genetics) 3  Translation (biology) 4  reading frame. 5  point mutation. 6  Crohn's disease. 7  Tay–Sachs disease.
3413	If vengeance works anything like the demon hunting glyph. I'll no doubt go it and become a tank. Off course, if havok works in a simaler way, I may also go it. I liked the old demon hunting glyph, and loved tanking dungeons when I got the chance. My demon hunter, who will be accountant spec, is named Dilbert. Short, balding and tubby with thick glasses. He'll sit at a desk all day and won't even think about demon hunting because demons are scary.
3414	Director/Producer of Adult.............happenings Therapist (((((((((text me))))))))) 1-407-501-4227 Co Founder of the FUN @CamConOfficial Chicken Wing lover. Chatstar.com/Havoc.
3415	Havok was born David Paden Passaro, in Rochester, New York, and is of Italian ancestry. At the age of five, his father died, and when his mother later remarried he took on the surname of his stepfather, Marchand. When Havok was five years old, he and his family moved from Rochester to Ukiah, California. There, he attended Catholic school through eighth grade.
3416	Actress | Soundtrack | Costume Department. The multi-talented Bijou Phillips has led an unusual life. She spent her childhood in New York, California and South Africa. She excelled in Equestrienne sport. When she was 13, she became a model to escape boarding school and became one of the youngest people to grace the cover of Interview Magazine and Italian Vogue. Bijou also appeared in ... See full bio ».
3417	For fans of the X-Men comics, they’ll be happy to see Singer’s confirmation that in the film franchise Scott Summers and Alex Summers are indeed, brothers. But wait, look closer! “Yes, the timeline is different. It wouldn’t physically fit for him to be the brother of Cyclops. We take some liberties on that.
3418	David Paden Marchand (born November 20, 1975), best known by his stage name Davey Havok, is the lead vocalist of the American rock band AFI, the electronic music band Blaqk Audio, and hardcore band XTRMST. Havok is an outspoken advocate of the straight edge lifestyle and veganism.
3419	Stacey Havoc is an actress, known for Eenie Meenie Miney Moe (2013), The Wild Life: Miami (2013) and Instant Gratification (2015). See full bio ».
3420	Just a few weeks ago it was confirmed that Lucas Till would be reprising the role of Alex Summers for X-Men: Apocalypse after playing the part as one of Professor X’s original mutant heroes in X-Men: First Class.
3421	While Twentieth Century Fox is more than halfway through principal photography on the X-Men spinoff Deadpool starring Ryan Reynolds and shooting in Vancouver, on the other coast of Canada the rest of the X-Men movie characters (and many new ones) have assembled to begin shooting X-Men: Apocalypse in Montreal.
3422	(Redirected from Havoc (Mobb Deep)) This article is about the East Coast rapper. For the West Coast rapper of the same name, see South Central Cartel. Kejuan Muchita (born May 21, 1974), better known by his stage name Havoc, is an American rapper and record producer. He is one half of the hip-hop duo Mobb Deep with Prodigy.
3423	The boundaries of the Republic of West Florida included all territory south of the 31st parallel, west of the Pearl River, and east of the Mississippi River, but north of Lake Pontchartrain. The southern boundary was the Gulf of Mexico.
3424	In 1803, President Thomas Jefferson purchased the territory of Louisiana from the French government for $15 million. The Louisiana Purchase stretched from the Mississippi River to the Rocky Mountains and from Canada to New Orleans, and it doubled the size of the United States.
3425	1 Connecticut put forth a claim to a swath of land from its western boundary to the Mississippi River. 2  A claim to a portion of Pennsylvania (not shown on the map) was asserted only half-heartedly because of the strength of a more recent charter held by that state.
3426	1 Connecticut and New York jointly claimed lands in the Old Northwest, but New York surrendered its rights in 1785 and Connecticut followed the next year. 2  However, Connecticut's claim to an area known as the Western Reserve was maintained until 1795, when it was purchased by the Connecticut Land Company. 3  Massachusetts.
3427	1 A portion of this claim was added to northern Georgia and the remainder was ceded to the central government. 2  Georgia. 3  Georgia, possessor of the weakest claim to western lands, held out the longest. 4  The area that later became Alabama and Mississippi were given up in 1802, which completed the process of surrender.
3428	West Florida was a region on the north shore of the Gulf of Mexico, which underwent several boundary and sovereignty changes during its history. The province was established by the British in 1763 out of lands ceded from the Spanish and French.
3429	The claims to the western lands were usually rooted in the vague wording of old colonial charters. The picture was further complicated by the fact that the claims often overlapped one another, which pitted one state's interests against another.
3430	This was soon annexed by the United States, which claimed the region as part of the Louisiana Purchase of 1803. In 1819 the United States negotiated the purchase of the remainder of West Florida and all of East Florida in the Adams–Onis Onís, treaty and in 1822 both were merged into The Florida. territory
3431	As its name suggests, it was formed out of the Western part of formerly Spanish Florida (East Florida formed the eastern part), along with lands taken from French Louisiana; West Florida's capital was Pensacola.
3432	Western Land Claims. Americans of the Revolutionary Era regarded the West as those lands between the Appalachian Mountains and the Mississippi River. The area beyond the Mississippi was then largely unexplored and in the possession of foreign powers.
3433	The Guinness Partnership is a customer-focused, national organisation, providing housing and care services across England. We were established in 1890 to make a positive difference to people's lives, and today we own and manage around 60,000 homes, providing services to more than 120,000 customers.he Guinness Partnership provides housing and care services across England. We own and manage around 60,000 homes, employ 3,000 people and provide services to more than 120,000 customers.
3434	The Guinness Partnership Housing Association. The Guinness Partnership is a charitable housing association providing affordable housing and care services across England-including Milton Keynes, London, Manchester, Oldham and Havant.Our new campaign aims to raise awareness of food poverty in the UK Making sense of food poverty. day of fun in Colchester. As part of our 125th anniversary celebrations, we recently held a community fun day for the residents of the Highwoods estate in Colchester. It was a chance for them to meet their housing officer as well as celebrate the history of The Guinness Partnership.
3435	The Guinness Partnership 125 years of providing housing and care services across England. Guinness provides homes and housing services to around 60,000 households and delivers over 10,000 hours of care every week.We're here to improve peoples lives – and create possibilities for them.he Guinness Partnership provides housing and care services across England. We own and manage around 60,000 homes, employ 3,000 people and provide services to more than 120,000 customers.
3436	Guinness (/ˈɡɪnɨs/) is an Irish dry stout that originated in the brewery of Arthur Guinness (1725–1803) at St. James's Gate, Dublin. Guinness is one of the most successful beer brands worldwide.It is brewed in almost 60 countries and is available in over 120.rthur Guinness started brewing ales in 1759 at the St. James's Gate Brewery, Dublin. On 31 December 1759, he signed a 9,000 year lease at £45 per annum for the unused brewery.
3437	The Guinness Partnership provides housing and care services across England. We own and manage around 60,000 homes, employ 3,000 people and provide services to more than 120,000 customers.he Guinness Partnership provides housing and care services across England. We own and manage around 60,000 homes, employ 3,000 people and provide services to more than 120,000 customers.
3438	Buying from us. The Guinness Partnership owns and manages nearly 60,000 homes across England, providing services for 120,000 customers and care services for 10,000 people.Everything we do is about achieving our vision of improving people’s lives by providing as many high-quality homes as possible.he Guinness Partnership owns and manages nearly 60,000 homes across England, providing services for 120,000 customers and care services for 10,000 people.
3439	Working at The Guinness Partnership today. By Guinness’s centenary in 1989, we managed 10,000 homes, and over the next 20 years were joined by 12 other registered providers, including Hermitage Housing in 2002, Midsummer in 2006 and Northern Counties in 2007.orking at The Guinness Partnership today. By Guinness’s centenary in 1989, we managed 10,000 homes, and over the next 20 years were joined by 12 other registered providers, including Hermitage Housing in 2002, Midsummer in 2006 and Northern Counties in 2007.
3440	The Newbold Community Partnership is a new joint venture lead by The Guinness Partnership and involving seven local organisations, including Newbold Sure Start, St Peter’s Church, Madina Masjid & Newbold Islamic Centre and Rochdale Youth Service.he Guinness Trust was one of the first to introduce the idea of clubs and ‘landlord’s services’, with many estates running their own cricket, football and swimming teams.
3441	Guinness Trust says that in the past 18 months there have been 18 evictions which had been carried out with a court order and bailiffs. However if you speak to local residents, they will tell you that there have been many more.uinness Trust says that in the past 18 months there have been 18 evictions which had been carried out with a court order and bailiffs. However if you speak to local residents, they will tell you that there have been many more.
3442	The move to a single company completes a process which began in 2007, when Guinness Partnership, previously Guinness Trust Group, was formed. At that point the organisation comprised 13 housing associations, which have been gradually reduced.oth are separate legal entities to Guinness Partnership. Guinness Partnership anticipates Guinness Developments will spend £45 million and generate up to £10 million of revenue a year over the next three years to cross-subsidise the core business.
3443	When Will Baby Sleep in Their Bed? The reality is that your newborn is unlikely to sleep inside the the charming crib that you spent an entire day assembling until she is 6 months or older. Further your newborn should and probably will be sleeping with you IN YOUR ROOM for about the first 6 months.
3444	You should establish this bedtime habit early, when newborns are biologically programmed to fall asleep right after eating. Feed your baby, burp him, rock for a few minutes (if desired), and put him to bed in the crib. If your baby won’t sleep in the crib, see our article on getting baby to sleep in the crib.
3445	But babies don’t know the difference between day and night. So they sleep with no regard for what time it is. That means your baby’s wide-awake time may be from 1 a.m. to 5 a.m. By 3 to 6 months, many babies are able to sleep for a stretch of 6 hours.
3446	Very young newborns might also benefit from a sleep hat to conserve body heat and mittens to prevent scratches during sleep. For safety and sleep training purposes, newborns should also do most of their sleeping in a baby crib or bassinet.
3447	There are a number of compelling reasons for your baby to stay in your room for the first 6 months: 1  Safety. Numerous health organizations (such as the American Academy of Pediatrics, SIDS Alliance and NIH) suggest that the safest place for your newborn to sleep is in your room with you. 2  Convenience.
3448	By Dr. William Sears. Having counseled thousands of parents—and having been one myself—for some 40 years, when I'm asked where baby should sleep I simply answer, Wherever all family members sleep the best.. Some infants need more sleeping closeness in the early months; others later on as they go through the normal stage of nighttime separation anxiety.
3449	There are basically four to six things you should put your newborn in for sleep. Top to bottom, they generally include a set of soft pajamas, a tightly-wrapped swaddler or sleep sack, and possibly a light blanket.
3450	Newborns should get 14 to 17 hours of sleep over a 24-hour period, says the National Sleep Foundation. Some newborns may sleep up to 18 to 19 hours a day. Newborns wake every couple of hours to eat. Breastfed babies feed often, about 8 to 12 times a day. Bottle-fed babies tend to feed less often, about every 3 to 4 hours. Newborns who sleep for longer stretches should be awakened to feed.
3451	Understand Your Baby's Sleep Needs. During the first 2 months, your newborn's need to eat overrules her need to sleep. She may feed almost every 2 hours if you're breastfeeding, and possibly a little less often if you bottle-feed. Your baby may sleep from 10 to 18 hours a day, sometimes for 3 to 4 hours at a time.
3452	Baby sleep experts and other resources. Baby sleep basics: 3 to 6 months. Baby sleep tips for working couples. Baby sleep basics: 6 to 9 months. Top baby sleep mistakes - and how to avoid them. Baby sleep habits: Snoring, sweating, head banging, and more. Expert sleep strategies for babies. Head banging in babies.
3453	Compare population statistics about Schulenburg, TX from the 2010 and 2000 census by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc.
3454	Current White Population in Schulenburg,Texas 2016, 2015 with Demographics and Stats by age and gender.
3455	Current Schulenburg, Texas Population, Demographics and stats in 2016, 2017.
3456	It's not a good time to buy in Schulenburg. Home Appreciation is down -5.7% in the last 12 months. Browse Schulenburg Real Estate. The median home price in Schulenburg is $149,233. Browse Homes in this Range. Learn More Mortgage Calculator Home Equity Calculator
3457	Schulenburg, Texas. Schulenburg is a city in Fayette County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,852 at the 2010 census.[3] Known for its German culture, Schulenburg is home of the Texas Polka Music Museum.
3458	The last Decennial Census <2> was in 2010, giving Schulenburg a population of 2,852 people. The city of Schulenburg is located in Fayette County. The 2010 Census gave Fayette County a population of 24,554 people. This means that Schulenburg had 11.62% of the county's total population, making it Fayette's 2nd most populous community. At the same time, Texas had a population of 25,145,561 people, meaning that Schulenburg had 0.01% of the total population of Texas - making it the state's 469th most populous community.
3459	About 6.9% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over. Climate. Schulenburg is the warmest city in Fayette County, Texas and central Texas, even hotter than Austin, Texas.
3460	Total Population: 718; Unmarried partner of home lead present: 83; In family homes: 83; Population of male led and male partner homes: 0; Population of male led and female partner households: 28; Population of female led and female partner households: 3; Population of female led and male partner households: 52; In nonfamily homes: 0
3461	For population 25 years and over in 78956: 1  High school or higher: 78.7%. 2  Bachelor's degree or higher: 14.3%. 3  Graduate or professional degree: 2.3%. 4  Unemployed: 0.6%. 5  Mean travel time to work (commute): 19.0 minutes.
3462	Compared to the rest of the country, Schulenburg's cost of living is 3.10% Lower than the U.S. average. population As of 2014, Schulenburg's population is 2,925 people. Since 2000, it has had a population growth of 19.15 percent.
3463	Ferris Bueller redirects here. For the TV series, see Ferris Bueller (TV series). Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a 1986 American teen comedy film written, co-produced and directed by John Hughes, and co-produced by Tom Jacobson. The film stars Matthew Broderick as Ferris Bueller, a high-school slacker who spends a day off from school, with Mia Sara and Alan Ruck.
3464	5 Unforgettable ‘Ferris Bueller’s Day Off’ Moments – 30 Years Later (Video) Matthew Broderick is now a responsible father of three, but 30 years ago he was skipping school, gatecrashing street parades and racing his best friend’s dad’s Ferrari through the streets of Chicago.
3465	5 Unforgettable ‘Ferris Bueller’s Day Off’ Moments – 30 Years Later (Video) TheWrap looks back on the day Matthew Broderick played hooky with his girlfriend, best friend and a very fast Ferrari.
3466	“While we modernized the classic scene with Domino’s Tracker technology and Domino’s custom-built delivery car, the DXP, the scene otherwise stays true to the ’80s Paramount cult classic.”. Ferris Bueller’s Day Off may have come out 31 years ago, but its quirky charm and effortless cool keep on giving. And of course, it’s not the first time an advertiser has gone back to it. Honda famously did so on the 2012 Super Bowl, getting Broderick himself to reprise his role as Ferris. CREDITS.
3467	Ferris Bueller took his day off exactly 30 years ago today. The Internet exists for exactly this reason: In a four-year old post for Baseball Prospectus, Larry Granillo looked closely to determine exactly what Cubs game Ferris Bueller and his friends attended in the 1986 classic Ferris Bueller’s Day Off.
3468	The movie “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” was released on June 11, 1986. The ballgame then must have been filmed either real early in the 1986 season or sometime during 1985. Looking at game logs from those seasons, we see that there was no game in 1986 in which Lee Smith (#46) faced the Braves at Wrigley Field.
3469	Domino's Pizza is going old school to tell a modern story about delivery. When Ferris Bueller's Day Off was released in 1986, clearly the title character did not have a smartwatch, a tablet or even a flatscreen TV.
3470	Domino's is not the first marketer to use a Ferris Bueller idea. Honda hired Mr. Broderick for a different telling of various scenes in a 2012 Super Bowl commercial from RPA.
3471	By: Ted Berg | June 5, 2015 1:58 pm. The Internet exists for exactly this reason: In a four-year old post for Baseball Prospectus, Larry Granillo looked closely to determine exactly what Cubs game Ferris Bueller and his friends attended in the 1986 classic Ferris Bueller’s Day Off.
3472	| June 5, 2015 @ 2:17 PM. Paramount. Matthew Broderick is now a responsible father of three, but 30 years ago he was skipping school, gatecrashing street parades and racing his best friend’s dad’s Ferrari through the streets of Chicago.
3473	About a dozen states have what are called no fault car insurance laws (District of Columbia, Florida, Hawaii, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, and Utah).
3474	As of 2014, 12 states have some type of no-fault car insurance law, according to the III. 1  No-fault insurance required. This type of coverage is mandatory in Florida, Hawaii, Kansas, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota and Utah. 2  No-fault insurance optional.
3475	New York is different from most other states in that it is a no-fault state for automobile accidents. According to the law, anyone who is injured in a car accident is entitled to recover for economic damages, up to a total of $50,000, from his or her insurance company. This includes lost wages and medical bills.
3476	A no fault insurance claim, sometimes called a Personal Injury Protection claim (or PIP claim), is one you make against your own automobile insurer for payment of medical bills and lost earnings under your state’s no fault laws.
3477	Let’s say that you got into a car accident, in which the other driver was at fault, and with the following facts: 1  your state’s no fault limit for medical bills is $5,000 for people with no health insurance, and $10,000 for people with health insurance.
3478	What to do if You Are in a No-fault Car Accident. If you’ve been injured in a car accident in New York, you have two options: you can file an insurance claim, or you can bring a civil action against the person who caused your injuries. Let the experienced New York car accident lawyers at Gersowitz Libo & Korek, P.C. help you.
3479	FEBRUARY 2014. The term no-fault auto insurance is often used loosely to denote any auto insurance program that allows policyholders to recover financial losses from their own insurance company, regardless of fault.
3480	THE TOPIC. The term no-fault auto insurance is often used loosely to denote any auto insurance program that allows policyholders to recover financial losses from their own insurance company, regardless of fault.
3481	No-Fault Insurance Fraud in New York State is Ramping Up Premiums. Fraud is driving up the cost of auto insurance for New York State drivers, particularly those who live in New York City’s five boroughs and its neighboring suburbs. As a result, some people are paying four times more for no-fault auto insurance than the state average and seven times more than drivers in Albany, which has fewer cases of fraud.
3482	As of 2014, 12 states have some type of no-fault car insurance law, according to the III. No-fault insurance required. This type of coverage is mandatory in Florida, Hawaii, Kansas, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota and Utah. No-fault insurance optional. Kentucky, New Jersey and Pennsylvania allow drivers to choose to buy either no-fault or traditional auto insurance.
3483	As a food producer, the local public health department will have standards with which you must comply, in addition to the standard business licensing requisites you will need. Calculate start-up costs and the ongoing costs of running a business. Include costs of equipment, transportation, supplies, rental or lease, utilities, staff, marketing, permits and licenses. To deliver consistent results you will need commercial equipment.
3484	Instructions. Consult with business experts to get advice and information on setting up a business in the location of your choice in British Columbia. Small Business BC is a useful starting point for anyone wishing to set up a business.
3485	A home-based business is a business whose office is located in the owner's home. The primary use of the building is residential, with its secondary use as a home office.
3486	In this case, the legal name of your business is your personal name. 2. Register your business. Once you have been notified that your business name has been approved, you have 56 calendar days to register your business name or complete your incorporation process.
3487	1 If you plan to operate the business as a separate legal entity, separate from yourself and your personal assets. 2  Society. 3  If you plan to operate a not-for-profit organization, in which any funds or profits will be used only for the society’s purposes. 4  Co-operative.
3488	Home-based Business Licence requirements. A business licence may be issued using your residence as your business address, providing: 1  A portion of the residence is to be used for a craft or occupation for administration purposes only. 2  No clients are permitted to attend the premises at any time.
3489	They can assist you with a feasibility study to determine the viability of opening a cake business in your chosen location, and help you create the strong business plan that you will need if you hope to secure start-up grants and loans. They can also advise you on business structure and taxation.
3490	Business registration is a two-step process: 1. Submit your business name request. The first step in registering your business is the approval of your business name by submitting your name request either online at B.C. Registry Services or in person at Small Business BC.
3491	Home-based business. If you want to start a a business, but you don't need space in a commercial building, you might want to use your residence as your home office. For example, contractors, gardeners, painters, and some online businesses can be home-based businesses.
3492	The most common business structures in British Columbia include: 1  Sole proprietorship. 2  If you plan to operate the business on your own, either under a business name or your own name. 3  Partnership. 4  If you plan to operate the business with one or more partners.
3493	No. You are required to have BOC certification for initial licensure only. You are not required to maintain BOC certification in order to renew your license. However, some employers may require BOC certification so you need to confirm your employer’s requirements. 14. I have to take CE to maintain my BOC certification.
3494	No. Michigan law requires a license to practice athletic training. BOC certification is not a license issued by the State of Michigan. The Board of Certification is an independent organization that provides a certification program for entry-level athletic trainers; it is not a state licensing body. Proof of BOC certification is required in Michigan to show that you have met the educational and exam requirements for licensure. 8.
3495	The Essential Credential. Building Operator Certification® (BOC) is the leading training and certification program for facilities personnel. Our graduates make their buildings more comfortable, efficient and environmentally friendly, thanks to skills they master in our classes.
3496	In order to qualify as a candidate for the BOC certification exam, an ARTI Certified Athletic Therapist must hold a minimum of a bachelor’s degree and provide documentation of his or her certification status.
3497	In order to qualify as a candidate for the BOC certification exam, a CATA Certified Athletic Therapist must hold a minimum of a bachelor’s degree and provide documentation of his or her certification status.
3498	In order to attain BOC certification, an individual must complete an entry-level athletic training education program accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE) and pass the BOC certification exam.
3499	In order to qualify as a candidate for the BOC certification exam, an individual must be confirmed by the recognized Program Director of the CAATE accredited education program. For additional information regarding exam policies and procedures including fee structure, see the BOC Exam Candidate Handbook.
3500	Renew Your Certification. Being the best means staying up-to-date with the latest techniques and methods in the industry. It isn't always easy but it's always worth it. Recertify today!
3501	New applicants are required to provide transcripts and BOC certification for our records. If you do not have a degree in athletic training, the certification of education form will have to be submitted also to verify completion of the core curriculum required by the Board.
3502	And the BOC credential is just as valuable to building owners as it is to operators. Our graduates help their organizations substantially cut operating costs – as much as $20,000 per year.
3503	Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) reduce swelling and soreness and are often used alone for mild to moderate pain. To manage the moderate to severe pain after surgery, NSAIDs are often used in combination with opioids.
3504	Much to the dismay of the pharmaceutical industry’s best efforts, many patients are still seeking out natural solutions, like bromelain and quercetin supplements, to reduce inflammation after surgery or injury. Find out if this botanical combination is the best natural anti-inflammatory for you.
3505	Many types of medicines are available to help control pain, including opioids, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and local anesthetics. Treating pain with medication can help you feel more comfortable, which will help your body heal and recover from surgery faster.
3506	FDA has approved several nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for dogs to control pain and inflammation associated with osteoarthritis; and to control pain and inflammation after soft tissue and orthopedic surgery. [Orthopedic pertains to bones and muscles; soft tissue is everything else.
3507	While anti-inflammatory drugs such as aspirin and ibuprofen are effective in the short-term, adding anti-inflammatory foods to the menu serves a dual purpose – controlling potentially deadly, low-grade inflammation and improving overall general health through lower caloric intake.
3508	1 Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugsNonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). 2  These are the most common medicines used to help manage rotator cuff disorders. 3  NSAIDs are available with or without a prescription. 4  NSAIDs come in pills and in a cream that you rub over the sore area.
3509	Modern pain medications and anesthesia can control post-surgical pain and help your body heal. If you're having surgery, it's natural to have concerns — or even fears — about the pain following the procedure. Some pain is common after surgery, but you shouldn't have to endure severe pain.
3510	Surgeons have long known about the anti-inflammatory properties of certain fruits and plants that are considered beneficial to intervene in the postoperative bruising and swelling process. The specific substances are bromelain and quercetin, which are found in pineapples, capers, apples, and red onions, to name a few.
3511	Like NSAIDs, acetaminophen may be used after surgery to reduce the amount of stronger, opioid medications you need to control pain. Acetaminophen is often combined with opioid medicine in a tablet form. When taken in tablet form, opioids are not easily absorbed by the body.
3512	Much to the dismay of the pharmaceutical industry’s best efforts, many patients are still seeking out natural solutions, like bromelain and quercetin supplements, to reduce inflammation after surgery or injury.
3513	User ID bbcexchange (Feedback score 74415) 1  Herb Brooks Autographed 1991 Impel US Olympic HOF Card #72 Team USA PSA/DNA $149.25. 2  Herb Brooks Autographed 1991 Impel US Olympic HOF Card #66 Team USA PSA/DNA $149.25. 3  1980 USA MIRACLE ON ICE OLYMPIC HOCKEY TEAM SIGNED HERB BROOKS FULL SIGNATURE $2,280.00.
3514	Remembering Herb Brooks (1937-2003) Eleven years ago today, legendary U.S. hockey coach Herb Brooks passed away in a tragic car accident. Brooks is prominently known for guiding the U.S. Olympic ice hockey team to the Miracle on Ice triumph in 1980.
3515	Herb Brooks Signed 1980 USA Hockey 1995 Card w/ Gem Mint 10 Auto PSA/DNA Slabbed $599.99. Buy It Now. or Best Offer. This is a w/ Gem Mint 10 Autograph Authentic Signed Card that has been Personally Signed & Autographed by Herb Brooks.
3516	Herbert Paul Brooks (August 5, 1937 – August 11, 2003) was an American ice hockey coach, best known for coaching the United States hockey team to a gold medal at the 1980 Winter Olympic Games in a spectacular event known ever since as the Miracle on Ice. The Miracle on Ice was Brooks' crowning achievement and legacy.
3517	By Dejan Kovacevic, Post-Gazette Sports Writer. Herb Brooks, the inspirational coach who guided the U.S. Olympic hockey team to the Miracle on Ice triumph in 1980 and a coach and scout with the Penguins for the past eight years, died in a car wreck yesterday afternoon north of Minneapolis. He was 66.
3518	Remembering Herb Brooks (1937-2003) 08/11/2014, 4:15pm MDT. Eleven years ago today, legendary U.S. hockey coach Herb Brooks passed away in a tragic car accident. Brooks is prominently known for guiding the U.S. Olympic ice hockey team to the Miracle on Ice triumph in 1980.
3519	Herb Brooks Signed Miracle On Ice USA Hockey 1980 Card. Acknowledged for his authentication ability, Scott has been featured on both Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel on... 1980 Miracle on Ice USA Hockey Team Signed Framed Photo Set JSA w/ Herb Brooks $719.99.
3520	Herb Brooks’s Miracle in Minnesota: Spreading Division I Hockey. Coach Herb Brooks coached St. Cloud State, a Division III team that aspired to move up to Division I, in the 1986-87 season. The state of Minnesota had only two Division I hockey teams at the time. Credit St. Cloud State University Archives.
3521	'Miracle' players recall Herb Brooks as gruff, great. GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Rob McClanahan played for Herb Brooks for seven years -- in college at the University of Minnesota, in the NHL with the New York Rangers and for the United States hockey team that shocked the world and won gold at the 1980 Lake Placid Olympics.
3522	Herb Brooks: Great moments... are born from great opportunity. And that's what you have here, tonight, boys. That's what you've earned here tonight. One game. If we played 'em ten times, they might win nine. But not this game. Not tonight.
3523	The head of state of Canada is Queen Elizabeth II. She is federally represented by the Governor General, who performs ceremonial, constitutional, and state duties on the Queen … 's behalf. Currently, the Governor General is David Johnston.The political leader of Canada is the Prime Minister, who is Canada's head of government and chairs the federal Cabinet. Currently this position is held by Stephen Harper of the Conservative Party of Canada.he head of state of Canada is Queen Elizabeth II. She is federally represented by the Governor General, who performs ceremonial, constitutional, and state duties on the Queen … 's behalf. Currently, the Governor General is David Johnston.
3524	The Prime Minister of Canada (French: Premier ministre du Canada) is the primary minister of the Crown, chairman of the Cabinet, and thus head of government for Canada, charged with advising the Canadian monarch or federal viceroy on the exercise of the executive powers vested in them by the constitution.till, Richard Bennett was in 1941, six years after he stepped down as prime minister, elevated to the peerage by King George VI as Viscount Bennett, of Mickleham in the County of Surrey and of Calgary and Hopewell in the Dominion of Canada.
3525	Other opposition parties currently include the Liberals, led by Bob Rae, the Bloc … Quebecois, led by Vivian Barbot, and the Green Party, led by Elizabeth May. Thomas Mulcair, Leader of Canada's New Democratic Party, is the Leader of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition in Canada's House of Commons.He became the leader of the NDP on 2012 March 24, and the party's national convention, taking over from interim leader Nycole Turmel.+ 50 others found this useful.Ravikanth Sunny.he is federally represented by the Governor General, who performs ceremonial, constitutional, and state duties on the Queen … 's behalf. Currently, the Governor General is David Johnston. The political leader of Canada is the Prime Minister, who is Canada's head of government and chairs the federal Cabinet.
3526	Prime Minister Canada is a parliamentary democracy with a political leader called a Prime Minister, who chairs the federal Cabinet. The current Prime Minister is Stephen Harpe … r.he head of state of Canada is Queen Elizabeth II. She is federally represented by the Governor General, who performs ceremonial, constitutional, and state duties on the Queen … 's behalf. Currently, the Governor General is David Johnston.
3527	The Conservative Party was defeated in the 42nd Canadian federal election on October 19, 2015 and Harper is expected to be succeeded by Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau.till, Richard Bennett was in 1941, six years after he stepped down as prime minister, elevated to the peerage by King George VI as Viscount Bennett, of Mickleham in the County of Surrey and of Calgary and Hopewell in the Dominion of Canada.
3528	The Leader of the Government in the Senate (French: Leader du gouvernement au Senat) sénat is A senator who leads The government side in The Canadian senate and is chiefly responsible for promoting and defending The'government s program in The Upper. housen 1968, the position of Leader of the Government in the Senate became an official cabinet position in its own right with the appointment of Paul Martin, Sr. (father of Canada's future prime minister, Paul Martin).
3529	The prime minister is the most powerful political figure in Canada — head of the federal government and normally the leader of the largest party in the House of Commons.he prime minister is the most powerful political figure in Canada — head of the federal government and normally the leader of the largest party in the House of Commons.
3530	Share. Jack Layton, Leader of the New Democratic Party of Canada, led the party to Official Opposition status for the first time in history in the 2011 Canadian federal election.earn about the political careers of federal NDP leaders since the inception of the New Democratic Party of Canada in 1961.
3531	She is federally represented by the Governor General, who performs ceremonial, constitutional, and state duties on the Queen … 's behalf. Currently, the Governor General is David Johnston. The political leader of Canada is the Prime Minister, who is Canada's head of government and chairs the federal Cabinet.he is federally represented by the Governor General, who performs ceremonial, constitutional, and state duties on the Queen … 's behalf. Currently, the Governor General is David Johnston. The political leader of Canada is the Prime Minister, who is Canada's head of government and chairs the federal Cabinet.
3532	The Leader of the Government in the Senate is selected by the Prime Minister, and comes from the party that forms the Government in the Canadian House of Commons regardless of whether or not that party commands a majority or plurality in the Senate.n 1968, the position of Leader of the Government in the Senate became an official cabinet position in its own right with the appointment of Paul Martin, Sr. (father of Canada's future prime minister, Paul Martin).
3533	The symptoms of MAC include. 1  fever. 2  weight loss. 3  sweats/chills. 4  diarrhea. 5  cramping. 6  abdominal pain. 7  unexpected tiredness. 8  anemia (low red blood cells)
3534	A number of patient groups have been associated with increased risk of pulmonary MAC. 1  They include 2-3: 2  elderly, white, thin women: nodular bronchiectatic form (see below) 3  middle-aged or elderly males who are smokers (often with COPD) or alcoholics: upper lobe cavitary form (see below) 4  immunocompromised patients, e.g. AIDS.
3535	Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) infections often occur in patients with a preexisting pulmonary disease or those with depressed immunity. However, it is also seen frequently in otherwise healthy patients, with a predilection for older women who deliberately suppress the cough reflex (Lady Windermere syndrome) 1-3.
3536	Pulmonary Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) infection is a type of non-tuberculous mycobacterial (NTM) infection. It is relatively common and continues to pose significant therapeutic challenges. In addition, the role of MAC in pulmonary pathology remains controversial in many instances.
3537	MAC is caused by bacteria called Mycobacterium avium complex. These bacteria are common in the environment. MAC can be found in soil, food, dust and water, and probably enters the body during breathing or when swallowing food or water. MAC is one of a number of infections that can develop in people who are living with HIV, called opportunistic infections.
3538	People with HIV most at risk of developing MAC are those who: 1  have a CD4 count below 50 cells/mm3. 2  have a viral load over 100,000 copies/ml. 3  have previously had MAC or another opportunistic infection.
3539	The most common findings of MAC infections include 1-2: 1  bronchiectasis and bronchial wall thickening: most common findings. 2  ground-glass opacities. 3  small centrilobular nodules and tree-in-bud appearance. 4  patchy consolidation. 5  a predilection for the right middle lobe and lingula is seen particularly in elderly white women.
3540	Three main forms of pulmonary MAC infections are recognised 3,5,6: 1  upper lobe fibrocavitary pattern / cavitary form (classic infection) 2  nodular bronchiectatic form/bronchiectatic form (non-classic infection) 3  mixed form.
3541	Pulmonary Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) infection is a type of non-tuberculous mycobacterial (NTM) infection. It is relatively common and continues to pose significant therapeutic challenges. In addition, the role of MAC in pulmonary patholog...
3542	MAC can affect just one part of the body, such as the lungs or the digestive system, or it can spread throughout the body. When it has spread throughout the body it is called a disseminated infection.
3543	David Justice. Halle was married to David Justice, a Major League baseball player, for three years. At first both parties played it cool, and blamed the failure of the marriage on bi-coastal challenges. From there, things became a major-league disaster. It got ugly when Justice demanded that Berry furnish details of her previous relationships with Wesley Snipes and Eddie Murphy.
3544	Berry and Justice were officially divorced on June 24, 1997. Berry married her second husband, singer-songwriter Eric Benet, benét On january, 24, 2001 following a-two year. courtship but by Early october 2003 they had, separated with the divorce finalized On january, 3. 2005
3545	Berry received $12.5 million for the title role in the film Catwoman, a $100 million movie; it grossed $17 million on its first weekend. She was awarded a worst actress Razzie award in 2005 for this role.
3546	Mini Bio (1). David Justice was born on April 14, 1966 in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA as David Christopher Justice. He has been married to Rebecca Villalobos since February 8, 2001. They have one child.
3547	I hope you're just pregnant and acting crazy'...and I'm like, 'It has nothing to do with that.' And then we cry and we hug and he's like, 'You're preggers, what do you want?' Little things get me so mad.
3548	The New York Mets send Justice and $1.2 million to the Oakland Athletics for Ps Mark Guthrie and Tyler Yates (14 December 2001). The New York Yankees obtain Justice from the Cleveland Indians for OF Ricky Ledee and two players to be named (29 June 2000).
3549	That turned out to be the only run of the game and the only run pitcher Tom Glavine needed as he pitched a complete-game, one-hit, 1-0 shutout to give the Braves the World Series championship. 1990 National League Rookie of the Year (6 November 1990). 2000 American League Championship Series MVP.
3550	Berry's parents selected her middle name from Halle's Department Store, which was then a local landmark in her birthplace of Cleveland, Ohio. Her mother, Judith Ann (nee Née), hawkins who is Of english And german, ancestry was a psychiatric. nurse
3551	David Justice (I). David Justice was born on April 14, 1966 in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA as David Christopher Justice. He has been married to Rebecca Villalobos since February 8, 2001. They have one child. He was previously married to Halle Berry. See full bio ».
3552	Berry first saw baseball player David Justice on TV playing in an MTV celebrity baseball game in February 1992. When a reporter from Justice's hometown of Cincinnati told her that Justice was a fan, Berry gave her phone number to the reporter to give to Justice.
3553	This section gives you the main meanings of many homonyms. It does not list every meaning. The simplified history of most words is explained in brief. There is a HUGE amount of information in this section to enrich your brain, so rummage around!
3554	An acronym (pronounced AK-ruh-nihm, from Greek acro- in the sense of extreme or tip and onyma or name) is an abbreviation of several words in such a way that the abbreviation itself forms a pronounceable word. The word may already exist or it can be a new word.
3555	In linguistics, a word is the smallest element that can be uttered in isolation with semantic or pragmatic content (with literal or practical meaning). This contrasts deeply with a morpheme, which is the smallest unit of meaning but will not necessarily stand on its own.
3556	The term word may refer to a spoken word or to a written word, or sometimes to the abstract concept behind either. Spoken words are made up of units of sound called phonemes, and written words of symbols called graphemes, such as the letters of the English alphabet.
3557	An abbreviation is a shortening of a word or a phrase. An acronym is an abbreviation that forms a word. An initialism is an abbreviation that uses the first letter of each word in the phrase (thus, some but not all initialisms are acronyms).
3558	Start Case. I too thought it is simply Title Case, until I read more in the Wikipedia article about letter cases - Letter case. Looks like Title Case does not capitalize certain parts of speech, (basically there are exceptions). A simple variant of that called Start Case, simply capitalize all the first letters of all the words.
3559	An acronym in which one of the letters stands for the actual word abbreviated therein is called a recursive acronym. (For example, VISA is said to stand for VISA International Service Association.) An acronym in which the short form was original and words made up to stand for it afterwards is called a backronym.
3560	The word for folder has an interesting history. It came into English in the 16th century from the French verb filer, to string on a thread. This relates to storing documents by tying them together with string. It comes from the Latin filum, meaning thread, from which we also get our word filament.
3561	Best Answer: This depends... The example you gave is an Acronym because the phrase created is made of one word pieces that accurately reflect the meaning of the root word. Also a useful definition is Acrostic. An acrostic is usually a poem with phrases in place of the one word pieces of an acronym.
3562	HOMONYMS  WORDS WITH MORE THAN ONE MEANING  WORDS WITH SEVERAL MEANINGS  WORDS WITH MULTIPLE MEANINGS. Homonyms. There is a strange puzzle in the English language  we have many words which have more than one meaning.
3563	Taj Mahal Location. Taj Mahal, is one of the Seven Wonders of the World, it is located along the banks of the Yamuna River in the heart of the city of Agra. Agra is in Uttar Pradesh state in Northern India and was the capital of the Mughal Empire.The strategic location of the Taj Mahal adds to its enchantment.he Taj Mahal was built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan as a mausoleum for his wife, Mumtaj Mahal. Apart from being a mausoleum, the Taj Mahal consists of many iconic structures such as a mosque, beautiful minarets, and the Taj Mahal gardens.
3564	The Taj Mahal-the monument built by Emperor Shah Jahan, out of pure love and grief over the death of beloved Mumtaz Mahal, Taj Mahal is located on the banks of the Yamuna River in the city of Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India.Check out our coverage of the Taj Mahal to know more about the Taj.he Taj Mahal is a part of India's Golden Triangle tour. Just at the opposite side of the Taj Mahal, on the left bank of the Yamuna River lies the Mehtab Bagh. It is believed that Emperor Shah Jahan wanted to create a Black Taj Mahal on this site.
3565	Satellite view is showing Taj Mahal in Agra, a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The Taj Mahal is located on the right bank of the Yamuna River in a vast Mughal garden (Char Bagh).he immense mausoleum, covered with white marble, was built in Agra between 1631 and 1648 on decree of Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan, by a workforce of more than twenty thousand, in memory of his beloved wife Arjumand Banu Begum, her nickname: Mumtaz Mahal.
3566	Map showing Where is Taj Mahal, India located on the World Map. The Taj Mahal is a white marble mausoleum located in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India.he Taj Mahal is a white marble mausoleum located in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India.
3567	detailed map of TAJ MAHAL in Agra area. Welcome to the TAJ MAHAL google satellite map! This building placemark is situated in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India and its geographical coordinates are 27° 10' 29 North, 78° 2' 32 East.Original name (with diacritics) of the place is Āgra.See TAJ MAHAL photos and images from satellite below, explore the aerial photographs of TAJ MAHAL in Agra area.his building placemark is situated in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India and its geographical coordinates are 27° 10' 29 North, 78° 2' 32 East. Original name (with diacritics) of the place is Āgra. See TAJ MAHAL photos and images from satellite below, explore the aerial photographs of TAJ MAHAL in Agra area.
3568	With Taj Mahal being in the premises of the Agra city and the city itself being the 19th most populous city of India, getting to it and the stupendous Taj Mahal isn't much of a problem. The Taj Mahal is located within 6 km of distance from the Agra city centre and is easily accessible by auto rickshaw or a cab.With the city being well connected by national highways, it is easily accessible through road from all major cities in India.he Taj Mahal is located within 6 km of distance from the Agra city centre and is easily accessible by auto rickshaw or a cab. With the city being well connected by national highways, it is easily accessible through road from all major cities in India.
3569	The Taj Mahal Palace Hotel is a five-star hotel located in the Colaba region of Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, next to the Gateway of India. Part of the Taj Hotels, Resorts and Palaces, this hotel is considered the flagship property of the group and contains 560 rooms and 44 suites.he Taj Mahal Palace Hotel is a five-star hotel located in the Colaba region of Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, next to the Gateway of India. Part of the Taj Hotels, Resorts and Palaces, this hotel is considered the flagship property of the group and contains 560 rooms and 44 suites.
3570	The Taj Mahal was built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan as a mausoleum for his wife, Mumtaj Mahal. Apart from being a mausoleum, the Taj Mahal consists of many iconic structures such as a mosque, beautiful minarets, and the Taj Mahal gardens.he Taj Mahal was built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan as a mausoleum for his wife, Mumtaj Mahal. Apart from being a mausoleum, the Taj Mahal consists of many iconic structures such as a mosque, beautiful minarets, and the Taj Mahal gardens.
3571	The Taj Mahal is built on a parcel of land to the south of the walled city of Agra. Shah Jahan presented Maharajah Jai Singh with a large palace in the center of Agra in exchange for the land.t is one of the world’s most celebrated structures and a symbol of India’s rich history. Designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983, the Taj Mahal attracts some 3 million visitors a year.
3572	The Taj Mahal is just one of many locations in India collected by the Street View Trekker. Now people around the world can take a virtual journey to visit historical monuments like the Red Fort and Humayun’s Tomb. Experience the beauty and wonder of India’s world-renowned treasures, now on Google Maps.he most familiar element of the Taj Mahal complex is the mausoleum, built by Shah Jahan in the 17th century for his late wife, Mumtaz Mahal. The mausoleum is recognized around the world for its domed profile, brilliant white marble construction, and architectural symmetry.
3573	Population in households in Sierra Vista Southeast ; Total Population: 14,776; Male Population: 7,329; Under 5 years: 374; 5 to 9 years: 414; 10 to 14 years: 453; 15 to 17 years: 324; 18 and 19 years: 164; 20 years: 75; 21 years: 54; 22 to 24 years: 175; 25 to 29 years: 332; 30 to 34 years: 296; 35 to 39 years: 354; 40 to 44 years: 416; 45 to 49 years: 555; 50 to 54 years: 635; 55 to 59 years: 612
3574	The Sierra Vista region is a hub for college students. 1  Located within the local area is Cochise College with campuses in Benson, Willcox, Douglas and Sierra Vista hosting approximately 6,000 students. Additionally, the University of Arizona, Sierra Vista, houses another 400 or so students.
3575	Population of Sierra Vista, AZ Last official estimated population of Sierra Vista city (Cochise County**, Arizona state) was 43,806 (year 2014) [1]. This was 0.014% of total US population and 0.64% of total Arizona state population. Area of Sierra Vista city is 152.7 mi² (=395.4 km²) [6], in this year population density was 286.94 p/mi². If population growth rate would be same as in period 2010-2014 (-0.05%/yr), Sierra Vista city population in 2018 would be 43,724*.
3576	Sierra Vista-Douglas, AZ Metro Area has a population of 129,647 people with a median age of 40 and a median household income of $45,075. Between 2014 and 2015 the population of Sierra Vista-Douglas, AZ Metro Area declined from 130,807 to 129,647, a -0.89% decrease and its median household income declined from $45,974 to $45,075, a -1.96% decrease.
3577	For population 15 years and over in Sierra Vista Southeast CDP: 1  Public administration (24%) 2  Professional, scientific, and technical services (17%) 3  Construction (11%) 4  Educational services (7%) 5  Retail trade (6%) 6  Accommodation and food services (5%) 7  Administrative and support and waste management services (5%)
3578	The data for Sierra Vista, AZ may also contain data for the following areas: Sierra Vista Population by Marital Status (Population Age 15+): The data represents the number and percentage of people in the area, according to marital status.
3579	People in group quarters in Sierra Vista in 2000: 1  2,237 people in military barracks, etc. 2  259 people in nursing homes. 3  67 people in other noninstitutional group quarters. 4  8 people in military transient quarters for temporary residents. 5  4 people in homes for the physically handicapped.
3580	Sierra Vista, AZ has a population of 45,365 and is the 893rd largest city in the United States. The population density is 298 per sq mi which is 429% higher than the Arizona average and 229% higher than the national average. The median age in Sierra Vista is 33 which is approximately 10% lower than the Arizona average of 37.
3581	To convert the benefits to an annual basis one multiplies the hourly benefits of each type of trip times the number of hours per year for that type of trip. There are 260 week days per year and at six rush hours per weekday there are 1560 rush hours per year. This leaves 7200 nonrush hours per year.
3582	The next section is a detailed listing of costs. Include both tangible and intangible costs such as the cost of personnel planning the project, materials, services, computing, training, hiring of additional personnel, facilities costs and the future value of the total money expected to be spent.
3583	Vegetables and fruit color wheel on a dish with table set and disease prevention icons set infographic Illustration. balance between benefit and cost written by 3d man over transparent board Illustration. Personal development, personal and career growth, success, progress, motivation and potential concepts.
3584	Benefits Stock Photos and Images. Marketing cost and value matrix with pushpins and blur effect. Concept of ROI or high value product. The illustration of beautiful hand drawn lemon juice in a cocktail glass on a textured background in fresh and juicy style.
3585	Benefits are often not as easily quantified as costs. Unless the benefits result in increased revenues, as from the introduction of a new product line, attempt to quantify the value of the benefits in terms of their contribution to existing revenues and the future growth of the company.
3586	Infographic vector of bicycle rider,benefit of cycling. savings, money, annuity insurance, retirement and people concept - close up of senior woman hand putting coin into piggy bank Stock Photo. Save money with stack money coin for growing your business. The benefits of cycling infographics.
3587	Background concept wordcloud illustration of cost benefit analysis international. A modified one way sign on Cost Benefit Analysis Stock Photo. A modified one way sign on Cost Benefit Analysis Stock Photo. Balancing a light bulb on one side and money on the other side of a retro weighing scale. Vector illustration on valuation of an idea concept isolated on grey background.
3588	The first section of your cost-benefit analysis is a statement of purpose. This explains the project or purchase under consideration and the goal of the cost-benefit analysis. In some cases, it is appropriate to add an alternative to the project or purchase, and analyze the costs and benefits of that alternative in relation to the proposal.
3589	Risks road sign, risk assessment or risks management and analysis benefit cost and security and safety hazard, 3d illustration. Risks road sign, risk assessment or risks management and analysis benefit cost and security and safety hazard, 3d illustration.
3590	The last section of your cost-benefit analysis compares the cost associated with the proposal to the value of the benefits derived. It also can include an analysis of whether the alternative to the proposed project or purchase presents a loss of opportunity.
3591	Ackley Assessor. Find Ackley Iowa assessor, assessment, auditor's, and appraiser's office, revenue commissions, GIS, and tax equalization departments. Assessors provide information on property and land tax assessment, property listings, values, valuations, property search, and records. Ackley Assessor.
3592	Get all Canadian Postal Codes and their information in one easy to use database. 2010 Census Database. Get the 2010 Census data in an easy to use format for all summary levels: National, State, COunty, City, and Congressional District.
3593	Ackley, IA Other Information. 1  Located in HARDIN County, Iowa. 2  Ackley, IA is also known as: 3  CLEVES, IA.  FAULKNER, 1  IA. MACY, 2  IA. ROBERTSON,  IA.
3594	Ackley, IA. Sponsored Topics. Ackley is a city in Franklin and Hardin Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 1,809 at the 2000 census. Ackley is located at 42°33′9″N 93°3′14″W / 42.5525°N 93.05389°W / 42.5525; -93.05389 (42.552498, -93.053772).
3595	Latest news from Ackley, IA collected exclusively by city-data.com from local newspapers, TV, and radio stations. Ancestries: German (55.3%), English (5.4%), Irish (4.6%), United States (4.5%), Dutch (3.7%), Norwegian (3.6%). Current Local Time: CST time zone. Incorporated on 08/28/1869.
3596	Nestled along Ackley Creek this tranquil park invites visitors to re-engerize. Those looking for adventure are encouraged to discover the inhabitants of the creek and explore the surrounding woodlands accessible by hiking trails. Purchased in 1971, this area is managed for camping, picnicking, and wildlife viewing. 2775 Indigo Ave, Marble Rock Iowa.
3597	Ackley, Iowa. Ackley is a city in Franklin and Hardin Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 1,589 at the 2010 census.
3598	Covering every address in the U.S., get the +4 information you need. Get all Canadian Postal Codes and their information in one easy to use database. Get the 2010 Census data in an easy to use format for all summary levels: National, State, COunty, City, and Congressional District.
3599	Ackley, Iowa. Homefacts City Report. Ackley is located in Hardin County, IA. The population is 1,469, making Ackley the 3rd largest city in Hardin County. There are 3 public schools in Ackley with an average Homefacts rating of B+. The total crime rate for Ackley is low, and there are 6 registered sex offenders residing in the city.
3600	Ackley, IA Profile: Facts, Map & Data. Ackley, Iowa - Basic Facts. The City of Ackley had a population of 1,583 as of July 1, 2016. Ackley ranks in the upper quartile for Diversity Index when compared to the other cities, towns and Census Designated Places (CDPs) in Iowa. See peer rankings below.
3601	Living in Burlington, KY. Boone County was established in 1799 and has always had a strong relationship with the Ohio River. The county's first residents migrated southwest from Virginia and brought their German heritage with them. Burlington was founded in 1816, and today the town is the seat of Boone County.
3602	Burlington has a population of approximately 16,000 people who enjoy local amenities with close proximity to one of the region's largest cities. Search for Burlington apartments for rent, and find a comfortable environment in the mid-South. Living in Burlington, KY Boone County was established in 1799 and has always had a strong relationship with the Ohio River.
3603	Burlington Homes for Rent; Burlington Furnished Apartments; Burlington Short-Term Apartments; Burlington Pet Friendly Apartments
3604	Rent Trends. As of January 2018, the average apartment rent in Burlington, KY is $535 for a studio, $709 for one bedroom, $943 for two bedrooms, and $1,078 for three bedrooms. Apartment rent in Burlington has increased by 2.2% in the past year.
3605	View apartments for rent in Burlington, KY. 66 Apartments rental listings are currently available. Compare rentals, see map views and save your favorite apartments.
3606	Official Senior Burlington Apartments for rent . See floorplans, pictures, prices & info for available Senior apartments in Burlington, KY. Find Your Perfect Apartment
3607	Take a look at photos, too, and start envisioning how you’ll make your new Burlington rental house into a home. Let Apartments.com be your foundation while you search for your new rental home in Burlington, KY.
3608	Average Rent Cheapest Rent Highest Rent Studio Apartments: $954: $524: $1,785: 1 Bedroom Apartments: $725: $375: $1,525: 2 Bedroom Apartments: $828: $500: $1,590: 3 Bedroom Apartments: $1,148: $675: $1,895
3609	The town's cost of living index of 90.4 is less than the national average. Burlington Attractions and Special Events. Burlington is home to the Boone Woods County Park, a 50-acre facility with many regional attractions.
3610	Homes for Rent in Burlington, KY. Maybe you’re tired of apartment living, maybe you want more space, or maybe you’ve just always dreamed of living in a house. Whatever it is, you’re looking for houses for rent in Burlington to find your next home. A rental house is the perfect place to make your own, with plenty of space for your family to grow. With hundreds of thousands of active listings all across the country, Apartments.com can help you find the perfect KY house for rent near you. Click on any rental house listing to find out more about the neighborhood, house features, nearby transit, parking, and more. Take a look at photos, too, and start envisioning how you’ll make your new Burlington rental house into a home. Let ...
3611	A cardinal's nest is a bulky structure of vines, leave and twigs. It is often hidden in a thicket. The nest is usually within ten feet of the ground. Three to four cardinal eggs will hatch after twelve days, and the fledglings leave the nest when they're between ten and twelve days old. Plant seeds and fruits comprise 90 percent of the cardinal's food in the fall and winter, and 40 to 50 percent of their food in the summer.
3612	Nestlings and eggs are eaten by snakes, birds and small mammals. Predators of eggs and nestlings include milk snakes, black racers, pilot black snakes, blue jays, fox squirrels, red squirrels and eastern chipmunks. Brown-headed cowbirds also take cardinal eggs from the nest and sometimes eat them.
3613	Cardinals, in the family Cardinalidae, are passerine birds found in North and South America. They are also known as cardinal-grosbeaks and cardinal-buntings. The South American cardinals in the genus Paroaria are placed in another family, the Thraupidae (previously placed in Emberizidae).
3614	They are robust, seed-eating birds with strong bills. The family ranges in size from the 12-cm (4.7-in), 11.5-g (0.40-oz) and up orange-breasted bunting to the 25-cm (9.8-in), 85-g (2.99-oz) black-headed saltator. They are typically associated with open woodland. The sexes usually have distinctive appearances.
3615	Cardinals are very adaptable. They are found in hardwood forest habitats, small rural and urban woodlots, farmstead, orchards and urban backyards. They do best where there is thick, shrubby growth for them to nest and roost in.
3616	The female northern cardinal builds the nest and incubates the eggs. When the chicks hatch they have no feathers or down, so the female broods them to protect them and keep them warm for at least 2 days. Both parents feed the chicks a diet of insects.
3617	Northern cardinals are found throughout eastern and central North America from southern Canada into parts of Mexico and Central America. These birds live as far north as Maine or Nova Scotia, Canada down south through Florida and the Gulf Coast. They range as far west as South Dakota, Nebraska and Texas. They have also been introduced to California, Hawaii and Bermuda. Northern cardinals do not migrate so they live in the same place year-round. (Halkin and Linville, 1999; Sibley, 2000)
3618	Cardinals however, can be extremely skittish, shy and secretive when they’re nesting. So, although Duncraft has just introduced a nesting shelf specifically for Cardinals, it may take a while for your cardinals to discover the benefits of building their nest in one.
3619	As low as $29.99. The Cardinal is probably one of the most recognizable and popular backyard birds because of its brilliant red color and crested head. It is a great bird to admire year-round. The color contrast of the brilliant red against fresh white snow really is a high point during the winter months. Early settlers were said to have named this bird after the Cardinals of the Catholic Church who wore red robes.
3620	We think Duncraft’s Cardinal House will do just that! With a little luck, our finicky Cardinals may come to learn that the nesting shelves we provide for them are sturdy, dry and provide a secure platform for their nests. In time, the birds may become less wary of them. Safer nests will help to ensure the future of this beautiful bird! –R.
3621	A Knighted, Kindred Scientific Spirit. A knighted British physician-scientist became a sushi-eating inspiration to young discoverers during the College of Medicine’s international Inflammation and Health Conference October 15-17. Sir Salvador Moncada, M.D., director of the... Read More.
3622	“The Voice” finalist Sisaundra Lewis and Robert Harris, who leads one of Central Florida’s premier Jazz/ R&B groups, will headline this year’s Jazz on a Green at the College of...
3623	Secure Health Information On Your Phone. UCF Health patients who are signed up for the practice’s patient portal can now get secure information on their iPhones and iPads. The web-based portal provides an easy, secure way...
3624	North Shore University Hospital (NSUH) is one of the cornerstones of the North Shore-LIJ Health System, as well as an academic campus for Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine, the New York University School of Medicine and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
3625	North Shore Hospital was built on 12 acres (4.9 ha) of land donated by John Hay Whitney. The groundbreaking ceremony was on May 6, 1951 and was televised by NBC.
3626	In 1990 The Community Hospital at Glen Cove (now Glen Cove Hospital-The Mildred and Frank Feinberg Campus) merged with North Shore University Hospital forming the North Shore Health System.
3627	Happy 150th, Hope College! This year, we’re commemorating our sesquicentennial anniversary — 150 years since Hope College was formally chartered by the State of Michigan on May 14, 1866. Join the celebration!
3628	LIJ Medical Center is the Long Island campus of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. North Shore University Hospital also has formal agreements for student clinical rotations with New York College of Osteopathic Medicine, SUNY Downstate Medical Center at Brooklyn, and SUNY Health Science Center at Stony Brook.
3629	In October 2007, Hofstra University announced that it would open New York State's first new medical school since 1963, in partnership with the North Shore-LIJ Health System. The Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine at Hofstra University opened in 2011.
3630	The panel “Women in the Workplace: A Conversation with Hope Alumni” at Hope College on Thursday, Oct. 22, will feature insights from four women regarding the role that both their education and their gender have played in their career experiences.
3631	There are many more things you should know about COBRA. Here are 10. 1. Certain qualifying events trigger 36 months of COBRA coverage for your dependents. Voluntary or involuntary job loss (except in instances of gross misconduct) triggers 18 months of COBRA coverage for you and your dependents.
3632	If you choose to take Cobra coverage, you must keep the health plan you had before you lost your job. After you are in Cobra, you can switch plans — if you should want lower-cost coverage, for instance — when the company’s active employees go through open enrollment.
3633	You have to have Health Insurance in 2014 and forward. If you do not have health insurance (specifically Qualified Health Plan – QHP) you will pay a penalty (tax). The penalty for 2014 is the greater of $95 or 1% of house hold income reported on last year’s tax statement (the penalty will increase in 2015, and 2016).
3634	Because of that, only a relatively small share of employees who are eligible for Cobra benefits generally choose to take them. However, if you were laid off between Sept. 1, 2008, and the end of 2009, you might qualify for a federal subsidy that would help you pay to keep workplace health insurance for nine months.
3635	When does COBRA continuation coverage start. COBRA is always effective the day after your active coverage ends. For most, active coverage terminates at the end of a month and COBRA is effective on the first day of the next month.
3636	Effective for all health plans with plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2014, the Affordable Care Act prohibits health insurance issuers from limiting or excluding coverage related to pre-existing health conditions, regardless of the age of the covered individual.
3637	Under COBRA, if you voluntarily resign from a job or are terminated for any reason other than gross misconduct you are guaranteed the right to continue your former employer's group plan as individual or family health care coverage for up to 18 months, at your own expense.
3638	The protection generally lasts up to 18 months, and you must opt for Cobra within 60 days of losing your job or of receiving formal notification that you are eligible for the program, whichever is later. The statute includes only companies with 20 or more employees that are continuing to offer a health plan.
3639	The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 contains a provision that gives qualified COBRA participants a 65 percent federal subsidy to pay their COBRA premiums for up to fifteen months. You can take advantage of this assistance if you became eligible for COBRA from Sept. 1, 2008, to May 31, 2010. This applies to workers (and their spouses and dependents) who were involuntarily terminated (including those laid off) or had a reduction in work hours that led to loss of health insurance benefits.
3640	COBRA Premiums. COBRA is not an insurance company nor is it health insurance. COBRA is an abbreviation for a federal regulation that governs how and when a qualified beneficiary can continue terminated group health insurance coverage for a specified period of time by self-paying the premium.
3641	Why did the Dodo go Extinct. The dodo was a large flightless bird was native to the Island of Mauritius (located to the east of Africa and Madagascar). This species is best known for becoming extinct in the 17th century, with the last sighting of this species in 1688.
3642	A video of what looks like a living specimen has a lot of people wondering and hoping. The Myanmar Jerdon’s babbler (Chrysomma altirostre) was discovered by British naturalist T. C. Jerdon in 1862, when the sparrow-sized birds were common in the Ayeyarwady and Sittaung river floodplains.
3643	That’s what was said about the Myanmar Jerdon’s babbler, which was declared extinct after not having been seen since 1941. Last week, researchers confirmed that several adult Jerdon’s babblers were seen early last year. Could the dodo bird be found alive too?
3644	Why did the Dodo go Extinct. 19 Sep, 2013 animals 2. The dodo was a large flightless bird was native to the Island of Mauritius (located to the east of Africa and Madagascar). This species is best known for becoming extinct in the 17th century, with the last sighting of this species in 1688.
3645	While familiarity with extinct animals varies, the dodo bird and the woolly mammoth can be considered generally well-known. The phrase to go the way of the dodo is a common reminder of the bird's extinction. The woolly mammoth went extinct in prehistoric times but still makes scientific headlines.
3646	When did the dodo become extinct? As of 2015, the generally accepted date of extinction for the dodo is 1662, the date of the last reliable sighting. However, reports of sightings exist up through the end of the 1600s. Some date the extinction to 1681, due to an account of dodos hunted and eaten on Mauritius.
3647	The evidence that the dodo bird (Raphus Cucullatus), extinct since 1681, could be alive is not quite as solid but still interesting. A night vision video recently uploaded to the Internet shows what appears to be a live dodo walking past an iguana.
3648	The dodo bird became extinct because it was adapted to an ecosystem that had few predators. When humans began development on their island (Mauritius), the birds were rapidly d…ecimated by hunting and by new predators (dogs, rats). In less than 80 years, their entire population was gone.
3649	The last confirmed sighting of a dodo bird occurred in 1662 on the small island of Mauritus. Unconfirmed sightings persisted until the 1690s, but most experts agree the bird species was fully extinct by 1700. Continue Reading.
3650	When did the dodo bird become extinct? It was actually in 1681. After being discovered, merely a centry  ago   The dodo bird was very easy to catch. Due to this fact people,  dogs, rats, even pigs, would hunt… and kill the bird  indiscriminately and eat its eggs. this meant the only 200 years  after the bird was discovered, it became extinct.
3651	During the 1800s, the United States gained much more land in the West and began to become industrialized. In 1861, several states in the South left the United States to start a new country called the Confederate States of America. This caused the American Civil War. After the war, Immigration from Europe resumed.
3652	The United States recognized the United Kingdom of Libya on December 24, 1951, in a congratulatory message sent by President Harry Truman to King Idris I. Libya declared its independence on this date after the former Italian colony had been administered jointly by France and Great Britain following World War II.
3653	United States Office of War Information. The United States Office of War Information (OWI) was a United States government agency created during World War II to consolidate existing government information services and deliver propaganda both at home and abroad. OWI operated from June 1942 until September 1945.
3654	The history of the United States is what happened in the past in the United States, a country in North America. Native Americans have lived there for thousands of years, long before Europeans went there. Mainly English people went. In 1607, they went to Jamestown, Virginia.
3655	The United States was recognized by Tripoli in 1796, but permanent diplomatic relations were not established until modern Libya’s independence following World War II. From 1980 until 2006, the U.S. did not have an open Embassy in Libya, although relations were not formally severed.
3656	June 13, 1942. That's what Americans read on posters during World War II. To attract U.S. citizens to jobs in support of the war effort, the government created the Office of War Information (OWI) on June 13, 1942, some six months after the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
3657	United States Interests Section and Liaison Office Established, 2004. The United States established an Interests Section at the Belgian Embassy in Tripoli, February 8, 2004. It became the U.S. Liaison Office on June 28, with Gregory L. Berry as the Principal Officer.
3658	After the Revolution, the United States the leaders of the states created a constitution in 1787 and a Bill of Rights in 1791. These were based on the idea of social contracts. George Washington became its first president.
3659	Abdurrahman stated that without a treaty, the Tripolitan government would regard the United States and Tripoli to be at war with one another. The Tripolitan government formally recognized U.S. independence by the signing of a peace treaty in Tripoli on November 4, 1796.
3660	On May 31, 2006, the United States resumed full diplomatic relations with Libya, and the Liaison Office in Tripoli became an Embassy, with Gregory L. Berry became Charge d'Affaires ad interim.
3661	Image copyright Image caption Psy's horse-galloping dance move was immortalised in the Gangnam Style video. The music video for South Korean singer Psy's Gangnam Style exceeded YouTube's view limit, prompting the site to upgrade its counter. YouTube said the video - its most watched ever - has been viewed more than 2,147,483,647 times.
3662	Gangnam Style refers to the behaviour of Koreans in the Gangnam district in Seoul where they over-spend to look wealthy, however the wealth is not as fabulous as it seems. The Atlantic times provides deep social insights into the meaning of Gangnam Style: http://www.theatlantic.com/inter...
3663	Lyrics to Gangnam Style by PSY. Oppan Gangnam style. Gangnam style. Najeneun ttasaroun inganjeogin yeoja. Keopi hanjanui yeoyureul aneun pumgyeok inneun yeoja. Bami omyeon simjangi tteugeowojineun yeoja. Geureon banjeon inneun yeoja. Naneun sanai.
3664	Music Video: PSY - Gangnam Style. Watch the Gangnam Style video below in all its glory and check out the lyrics section if you like to learn the words or just want to sing along. Tell us if you like it by leaving a comment below and please remember to show your support by sharing it with your family and friends and purchasing PSY's music.
3665	Gangnam, shanty-style: life in Seoul's Guryong Village slum – in pictures. Guryong offers a shocking contrast to life in the rest of Seoul’s gleaming Gangnam district. A billion-dollar redevelopment plan has sparked fierce debate over what will become of its residents. Published: 14 Jul 2014. Gangnam, shanty-style: life in Seoul's Guryong Village slum – in pictures.
3666	Gangnam Style. 1. A Korean song written by Korean singer Psy. 2. Gangnam means south(nam) of the river(gang) in Korean. In this song, the river(gang) is the Han River, which penetrates the City of Seoul, capital of South Korea. The northern part of Seoul(gangbuk) has been the capital of Korea since the early 15th century.
3667	Gangnam Style. Gangnam Style (Korean: 강남스타일, IPA: [kaŋ.nam sɯ.tʰa.il]) is the 18th K-pop single by the South Korean musician Psy. The song was released on July 15, 2012, as the lead single of his sixth studio album Psy 6 (Six Rules), Part 1, and debuted at number one on South Korea's Gaon Chart. On December 21, 2012, Gangnam Style became the first YouTube video to reach one billion views.
3668	In the song , PSY tells girls that Oppa , reffring to himself, is  Gangnam Style. Gangnam, is the most rich folks neighborhood in Seoul . So being Gangnam style means that he is from Gangnam, leading a rich and wealthy lifestyle, hence what is shown in the Music Video.
3669	Now Playing. PSY - 'Gangnam Style' (Official Video) Check out the promo for the K-Pop star's worldwide smash right now on Capital. PSY's huge smash hit 'Gangnam Style' has become one of the most successful tracks of all time breaking many a record along the way. The K-Pop star's viral hit reached the top of the Vodafone Big Top 40 upon its release and has gone on to conquer the charts around the world.
3670	Gangnam Style (music video) The music video of Gangnam Style by recording artist Psy, was directed by Cho Soo-hyun. The music video was filmed in Seoul for 48 straight hours. The video was premiered on July 15, 2012 and was later made available to download digitally on October 19.
3671	Due to the needs for proper harvesting and curing tobacco, there is very little home or garden production of tobacco for personal use. Another deterrent to home production of tobacco is the need to age the cured tobacco for one to three years or longer.
3672	Soil Nutrients. Nicotiana tabacum requires many essential elements in order for survival including: carbon, nitrogen, potassium, calcium, magnesium, sulfur, iron, manganese, boron, copper, zinc, and chlorine. The main flow of all these nutrients is from the roots, through the stem, and eventually to the leaves. The top of the plant which produces the flowers is the main destination for all of the nutrients. Carbon: Carbon makes up about 40 percent of the dry tobacco leaf right after it has been cured.
3673	Growing Tobacco in the Home Garden1 By E.B. Whitty2. Many homeowners wish to grow a few plants of tobacco in their yard or garden for ornamental purposes or for personal use. Tobacco plants are usually no more difficult to grow than many other garden plants, but it is difficult to cure, age, and process tobacco without specialized facilities.
3674	Nitrogen: Nitrogen is a very important element in the growth and quality of the tobacco leaf. Nitrogen has a major role in the content of nicotine, chlorophyll, and other important substances in the leaf that are essential for growth.
3675	HARVESTING AND CURING. Due to the needs for proper harvesting and curing tobacco, there is very little home or garden production of tobacco for personal use. Another deterrent to home production of tobacco is the need to age the cured tobacco for one to three years or longer.
3676	Soil pH should be about 5.8 for best growth of tobacco. If lime is needed to raise the pH, use dolomite in order to get the magnesium nutrient which is important for plant growth. Poor growth and some growth disorders may occur if the soil pH is about 6.5 or more.
3677	Potassium: Tobacco requires a large amount of potassium to reach a healthy and mature plant. When potassium levels are not up to par the plant will develop cankers of dead tissue forming on the plant body, and the tips of the leaves will turn a brownish color.
3678	By E.B. Whitty2. Many homeowners wish to grow a few plants of tobacco in their yard or garden for ornamental purposes or for personal use. Tobacco plants are usually no more difficult to grow than many other garden plants, but it is difficult to cure, age, and process tobacco without specialized facilities. For information on commercial production of tobacco, contact your local USDA’s Farm Service Agency office for marketing quota regulations.
3679	A tobacco fertilizer should contain little or no chlorine and most of the nitrogen should be in the nitrate form. Fertilizer manufactured for use on tomato, pepper, and potato should be satisfactory for tobacco. Seed should be sown about 50-60 days prior to the desired date of transplanting.
3680	Grasses would be excellent rotations for tobacco, while tomato, pepper, and similar plants would not be suitable. In addition to soil-borne pests, several virus diseases and insects that attack tomato and pepper also attack tobacco, so try to keep these plants in different areas of the garden.
3681	The Asiatic lion used to live in West, South and Central regions of Asia and in Eastern Europe in historic times. Now the population of the lions currently exists in Western India's Gir Forest National Park. The type specimen of the Asiatic lion was first described from Persia in 1826, followed by descriptions of specimens from Hariana and Basra.
3682	Panthera leo sinhaleyus. The Sri Lanka lion (Panthera leo sinhaleyus), also known as the Ceylon lion, was a prehistoric subspecies of lion, endemic to Sri Lanka. It appears to have become extinct prior to the arrival of culturally modern humans, c. 37,000 years BC. This lion is only known from two teeth found in deposits at Kuruwita.
3683	Right: The 'massa' coin - without the Lion - used by the Kotte kingdom in southern Sri Lanka. And below: the 15th century 'massa' coin issued by Karava Prince Sapumal (Champaga Perumal - a Son of Karava General Manikka Thalevan, adopted by King Parakramabahu VI - see Mukkara Hatana) in Jaffna.
3684	Many modern myths have been spun around the Lion flag which was adopted in 1950 as the National flag of Sri Lanka. The first myth is that Vijaya, the first King of Sri Lanka, arrived in Sri Lanka in 486 BCE, with a lion flag in his hand (see wikipedia etc.
3685	The second myth is that all, or at least a majority, of the Sinhala speaking people in Sri Lanka are descendants of Vijaya and that their original ancestor was a Lion. FACT - According to history, there was no such Mega Sinhala race in Sri Lanka until the British period.
3686	Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka is the full name of Sri Lanka. An island republic in the Indian Ocean, lying off the southeastern tip of the Indian subcontinent. The Palk Strait and Gulf of Mannar separate Sri Lanka from India. The Arabian sea lies to the west, the Bay of Bengal to the northeast, and the Indian Ocean to the south. Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka is the full name of Sri Lanka.
3687	Where does the president of Sri Lanka live? Former Presidents of Sri Lanka lived in the Janadhipathi Mandiraya  (President's House) in Colombo 1 but due to security reasons Mr. R.  Premadasa preferred Temple Trees res…idence (Prime Minister's  House).
3688	Myth #1. The first myth is that Vijaya, the first King of Sri Lanka, arrived in Sri Lanka in 486 BCE, with a lion flag in his hand (see wikipedia etc. ) and that since then the Lion symbol played a significant role in the history of Sri Lanka.
3689	The Asiatic lion (Panthera leo persica), also known as the Indian lion or Persian lion, is a lion subspecies that exists as a single population in India's Gujarat state. Some Asiatic lions also live in zoos. It is listed as Endangered by IUCN due to its small population size.
3690	We didn't went to Lion Rock because we went to Pidurangala Rock (some recommendation). At the end, you only need to pay a donation of 3€ and the views are the some and with less people. I really recommend you not go to Lion Rock and going to Pidurangala Rock.
3691	The City of Silverton had a population of 705 as of July 1, 2017. The primary coordinate point for Silverton is located at latitude 34.4714 and longitude -101.304 in Briscoe County. The formal boundaries for the City of Silverton (see map below) encompass a land area of 1 sq. miles and a water area of 0 sq. miles.
3692	Unmarried White population in Silverton under 18 years old in homes ; Total Population: 159; Unmarried partner of home lead present: 13; In family homes: 13; Population of male led and male partner homes: 0; Population of male led and female partner households: 13; Population of female led and female partner households: 0
3693	SILVERTON, TEXAS. Silverton, the county seat of Briscoe County, is on State Highway 86 in the central part of the county. In August 1890 Thomas J. Braidfoot filed claim on the section of land that would later contain Silverton. He soon built a house in the area.
3694	Current White Population demographics in Silverton, Texas 2016, 2015 by gender and age View Population Demographics and Statistics for all races in Silverton, Texas population totals
3695	Silverton, TX - Peer Comparisons by Rank and Percentile. The table below compares Silverton to the other 1,749 incorporated cities, towns and CDPs in Texas by rank and percentile using July 1, 2017 data. The location Ranked # 1 has the highest value. A location that ranks higher than 75% of its peers would be in the 75th percentile of the peer group.
3696	The break down of how many White people live in Silverton, Texas in 2016 and 2015 by gender, age and family size. Suburban Stats Current White Population in Silverton,Texas 2016, 2015 with Demographics and Stats by age and gender.
3697	The City of Silverton is located within Silverton Division of Briscoe County. Beneath the boundary map are tables with Silverton population, income and housing data, five-year growth projections and peer comparisons for key demographic data. The estimates are for July 1, 2017. Neighborhood Data
3698	In 1928 the town became the northern terminus of the Fort Worth and Denver South Plains Railway from Lubbock. Silverton was subsequently incorporated, and it grew. Natural gas was introduced in 1929 by the West Texas Gas Company. By 1940 Silverton had thirty-five businesses and a population of 684. Throughout its history Silverton has suffered from prairie fires, grasshoppers, dust storms, and cyclones. Its worst disaster occurred on the night of May 15, 1957, when a tornado killed twenty-one people and did over $1 million worth of damage.
3699	Current White Population demographics in Silverton, Texas 2016, 2015 by gender and age. 1  Total White population in Silverton. 2  Median age of White in Silverton. 3  Population of White in households in Silverton. 4  Average White household size in Silverton. 5  Number of White occupied homes in Silverton.
3700	silverton, texas. Silverton, the county seat of Briscoe County, is on State Highway 86 in the central part of the county. In August 1890 Thomas J. Braidfoot filed claim on the section of land that would later contain Silverton.
3701	Forecast data from The Norwegian Meteorological Institute; Current conditions data from the National Weather Service. All historical data and normals © Weatherbase.
3702	Home > Colombia > Climate Medellín. Medellin in Colombia officially has a tropical monsoon climate. The driest period is from December until February. Medellin has an average temperature ranging between 15 and 30 degrees Celcius (59 and 86 degrees Fahrenheit) which means lower temperatures than other cities with a tropical monsoon climate.
3703	This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.
3704	Weather in Medellín. Medellin Climate. Medellin is located in the Aburra Valley on the western range of the Northern Andes Mountains. The city is approximately 5000 feet above sea level (1500 meters) and has a cool tropical wet climate. Daytime temperatures can reach the high 80′s and nightfall temperatures can drop to the high 50′s at times.
3705	Medellin, Colombia Weather Forecast and Conditions - The Weather Channel | Weather.com.
3706	Live weather in Medellin. The latest and today's weather in Medellin, Colombia updated regularly.
3707	For more information, see the weather forecast and our average climate infomation (by month in graphs) below. * Data from nearest weather station: Medellín, Colombia (0.0 KM).
3708	Basic slideshow keyboard shortcuts. These shortcuts allow you to perform basic PowerPoint functions during your presentation: To start slideshow, press F5. To move on to the next slide or animation sequence, press either N, Right Arrow, or Spacebar. To return to the previous slide, press either P, Left Arrow, or Backspace.
3709	Hyperlink keyboard shortcuts. Use these shortcuts to access a hyperlink on your slide: To select a link, press TAB (If you have several links in a single slide, continue pressing TAB until you reach the one you want to access) To return to a previous link, press SHIFT + TAB; To open a hyperlink, press ENTER; Keyboard shortcuts for Pointer Options
3710	Use these PowerPoint keyboard shortcuts to deliver your presentations with ease. Learn more PowerPoint tips to make your presentation experience easier by reading our previous blog entries. Read More: The Best Keyboard Shortcuts to Master PowerPoint [Guiding Tech]
3711	Edit a linked or embedded object. 1  To select the object you want, press Tab or Shift+Tab. 2  To open the shortcut menu, press Shift+F10. 3  To select Worksheet Object, press the Down Arrow key until it's selected. 4  To select Edit, press the Right Arrow key and then press Enter.
3712	Use these shortcuts to access a hyperlink on your slide: 1  To select a link, press TAB. (If you have several links in a single slide, continue pressing TAB until you reach the one you want to access) 2  To return to a previous link, press SHIFT + TAB. 3  To open a hyperlink, press ENTER.
3713	Basic slideshow keyboard shortcuts. These shortcuts allow you to perform basic PowerPoint functions during your presentation: To start slideshow, press F5; To move on to the next slide or animation sequence, press either N, Right Arrow, or Spacebar; To return to the previous slide, press either P, Left Arrow, or Backspace
3714	PowerPoint Keyboard Shortcuts to Make Your Life Easier Using PowerPoint doesn’t have to be complicated. If you take the time to learn as much as you can, you’ll quickly become a PowerPoint expert.
3715	Use these shortcuts to enable the use of a pen or pointer during your presentation: 1  To enable Pen, press CTRL + P. 2  To enable Laser, press CTRL + L. 3  To enable Arrow, press CTRL + A. 4  To enable Highlighter, press CTRL + I. 5  To erase notes made with pen or highlighter, press CTRL + E. 6  To hide pointer, press CTRL + H.
3716	These shortcuts allow you to perform basic PowerPoint functions during your presentation: 1  To start slideshow, press F5. 2  To move on to the next slide or animation sequence, press either N, Right Arrow, or Spacebar. 3  To return to the previous slide, press either P, Left Arrow, or Backspace. 4  To jump to a specific slide, press the slide number + Enter.
3717	These shortcuts allow you to perform basic PowerPoint functions during your presentation: To start slideshow, press F5 To move on to the next slide or animation sequence, press either N, Right Arrow, or Spacebar
3718	The Mal'ta-Buret' culture is an archaeological culture of the Upper Paleolithic (c. 24,000 to 15,000 BP) on the upper Angara River in the area west of Lake Baikal in the Irkutsk Oblast, Siberia, Russian Federation.esearch published in 2014 suggests that a Mal'ta like people were important genetic contributors to the American Indians, Europeans, and central and south Asians but did not contribute to and was not related to East Eurasians.
3719	There are no direct flights from Malta, MT to Asia. There are no short haul direct flights between Malta, MT and Asia.You must make at least one connection to fly from Malta, MT to Asia. There are no medium haul direct flights between Malta, MT and Asia.There are no long haul direct flights between Malta, MT and Asia.here are no direct flights from Malta, MT to Asia. There are no short haul direct flights between Malta, MT and Asia.
3720	Mal'ta (sometimes spelled Malta and not to be confused with the Mediterranean island) is an Upper Paleolithic site in Siberia that has been found to include genetic evidence concerning the colonization of the Americas.he older child at Mal'ta has been direct-dated to 19,880 +/- 160 RCYBP, from well-preserved bone collagen. Isotopic analysis of the child's collagen indicate that his diet included about 25% freshwater aquatic foods, probably fish or waterfowl, and probably obtained from the nearby river.
3721	Malta (/ˈmɒltə/ ; [ˈmɐltɐ]), officially the Republic of Malta (Maltese: Repubblika ta' Malta), is a Southern European island country comprising an archipelago in the Mediterranean Sea.It lies 80 km (50 mi) south of Italy, 284 km (176 mi) east of Tunisia, and 333 km (207 mi) north of Libya.alta was awarded the George Cross by King George VI in 1942, for the country's bravery in the Second World War. The George Cross continues to appear on Malta's national flag.
3722	Continue reading the main story. The genome of a young boy buried at Mal’ta near Lake Baikal in eastern Siberia some 24,000 years ago has turned out to hold two surprises for anthropologists.he first is that the boy’s DNA matches that of Western Europeans, showing that during the last Ice Age people from Europe had reached farther east across Eurasia than previously supposed. Though none of the Mal’ta boy’s skin or hair survives, his genes suggest he would have had brown hair, brown eyes and freckled skin.
3723	Mongoloid features had been originally acknowledged in the skeletal remains of a child found at the site of Malta. Alexeev (1998, 323) in his later publication was more cautious, stating that this area was“inhabited by a population of Mongoloid appearance.esearch published in 2014 suggests that a Mal'ta like people were important genetic contributors to the American Indians, Europeans, and central and south Asians but did not contribute to and was not related to East Eurasians.
3724	Mal'ta is located on the left bank of the Belaya River in southeastern Siberia, near the modern town of Mal'ta which itself is near Irkutsk. Mal'ta's technological assemblage and date is similar to the nearby site of Buret', and together they make up the  Mal'ta Buret'  or Maltinsko-Buretskaya (in Russian) culture.he older child at Mal'ta has been direct-dated to 19,880 +/- 160 RCYBP, from well-preserved bone collagen. Isotopic analysis of the child's collagen indicate that his diet included about 25% freshwater aquatic foods, probably fish or waterfowl, and probably obtained from the nearby river.
3725	Research published in 2014 indicates that the Mal'ta people belonged to a population, which may have made a substantial contribution to the genetic ancestry of the American Indians.esearch published in 2014 suggests that a Mal'ta like people were important genetic contributors to the American Indians, Europeans, and central and south Asians but did not contribute to and was not related to East Eurasians.
3726	Malta has a long Christian legacy and its Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Malta is claimed to be an Apostolic See because, according to the Acts of the Apostles, Paul the Apostle was shipwrecked on Malta. Catholicism is the official religion in Malta.alta was awarded the George Cross by King George VI in 1942, for the country's bravery in the Second World War. The George Cross continues to appear on Malta's national flag.
3727	The Mal’ta boy was 3 to 4 years old and was buried under a stone slab wearing an ivory diadem, a bead necklace and a bird-shaped pendant. Elsewhere at the same site about 30 Venus figurines were found of the kind produced by the Upper Paleolithic cultures of Europe.he first is that the boy’s DNA matches that of Western Europeans, showing that during the last Ice Age people from Europe had reached farther east across Eurasia than previously supposed. Though none of the Mal’ta boy’s skin or hair survives, his genes suggest he would have had brown hair, brown eyes and freckled skin.
3728	Washington, D.C. - As the direct result of unconstitutional government censorship, Backpage.com has removed its Adult content section from the highly popular classified website, effective immediately.
3729	the rear part of the human body, extending from the neck to the lower end of the spine. 2. the part of the body of animals corresponding to the human back. 3. the rear portion of any part of the body: the back of the head.
3730	Backpage statement regarding the U.S. Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations’ Censorship of Adult Classified Advertisements. Statement from James Larkin and Michael Lacey regarding Government Violations of the U.S. First Amendment Right to Free Speech statement.......
3731	a group of persons, or a single person, accompanying another or others for protection, guidance, or courtesy: An escort of sailors accompanied the queen. 2. an armed guard, as a body of soldiers or ships: The president traveled with a large escort of motorcycle police.
3732	When you go somewhere, whether it's for fun or business, it's always nice to have an escort — someone to go along with you. Some escorts are there to protect you, some just to share a good time. The word escort can be a noun or a verb — your escort escorts you.. This word is derived from the Latin excorrigere, to set out, and moved through the Italian scorgere, meaning to guide.. In the 1570s it took on a military tone as escorte, used to describe armed protectors for travelers.
3733	Definition of Backpage. Backpage is a classified advertising website. It offers a wide variety of classified listings including automotive, jobs listings, and real estate. Backpage is the second largest classified ad listing service on the Internet in the United States after Craigslist.
3734	An anonymous caller told police that a woman named Ashley had placed an ad on a website called backpage.com, a police affidavit says. All Stories. Michael Wagner interviewed a woman who admitted she was working as a prostitute and was advertising her services on a web site called backpage.com, the affidavit says.
3735	English Wikipedia - The Free Encyclopedia. Backpage is a classified advertising website. It offers a wide variety of classified listings including automotive, jobs listings, and real estate. Backpage is the second largest classified ad listing service on the Internet in the United States after Craigslist.
3736	Examples. 1  An anonymous caller told police that a woman named Ashley had placed an ad on a website called backpage.com, a police affidavit says. 2  Michael Wagner interviewed a woman who admitted she was working as a prostitute and was advertising her services on a web site called backpage.com, the affidavit says.
3737	An anonymous caller told police that a woman named Ashley had placed an ad on a website called backpage.com, a police affidavit says. Michael Wagner interviewed a woman who admitted she was working as a prostitute and was advertising her services on a web site called backpage.com, the affidavit says.
3738	The Pulse Rate of a horse is different to a horse’s Heart Rate and can vary a lot, however it can be used as a good indication that your horse has a problem. The best and most reliable place to count a horse’s Pulse Rate is at the jaw, as it is the closest pulse point to the heart.Breathing (Respiration) Rate.f you know what is normal for your horse you will be able to see changes at an earlier stage rather than waiting until these vital signs have moved into the ‘extremely bad’ range. You will need a watch with a ‘seconds’ hand or better still a stopwatch. Heart Rate.
3739	The average resting heart rate for a racehorse is around 28-32 beats per minute. A less fit horse might have a resting heart rate of around 30-40bpm.At maximum output, a ho … rse's heart rate can reach 230-240bpm.At this rate, the heart will pump 250L/min.This is around 4-5 times the entire blood volume of the horse.he average heart rate for adults is between 60 and 100 beats per minute. If your heart rate is above or below that range … then it may be a sign of a problem and you should see a doctor.
3740	A resting adult horse should have a heartbeat range from 28 to 48 beats per minute. More than 60 beats per minute in an adult resting horse is abnormal and anything over 80 is really bad. Care should be taken as foals have a quicker heart rate of 70 to 90 beats per minute.Horses doing strenuous exercise can reach 200 beats per minute but this is rare and extreme.f you know what is normal for your horse you will be able to see changes at an earlier stage rather than waiting until these vital signs have moved into the ‘extremely bad’ range. You will need a watch with a ‘seconds’ hand or better still a stopwatch. Heart Rate.
3741	A normal resting horse has a heart rate of 38-40 beats per minute, foals (70-120 bpm), yearlings (45-60 bpm) and 2 year olds (40-50 bpm). Maximum heart rates can exceed 180 beats per minute, but a rate above 80 should be considered serious in most non-exercising horses.he average respiration rate of a mature horse at rest is 8-15 breaths per minute. A horse’s respiration rate increases with hot or humid weather, exercise, fever or pain. Rapid breathing at rest should receive veterinary attention, and keep in mind that the respiration rate should NEVER exceed the pulse rate.
3742	HORSE HEART RATE. An adult horse at rest will have a pulse rate ranging from 30 to 40 beats per minute. Foals will have a pulse rate ranging from 70 to 120, yearlings from 45 to 60 and two-year-olds from 40 to 50.If you are using a stethoscope, place it on the horse s girth area just behind the left elbow.he sounds you hear (if you have your speakers on) is the heart of a horse recovering after ten minutes of loping. His heart rate was about 150 beats per minute and down to approximatly 60 beats per minute at the end of the recording.
3743	This measures the rate and strength of your horse's heartbeat. Normally, a resting horse has a pulse of 38 to 40 beats per minute. When exercising, a horse's maximum heart rate can exceed 180 beats per minute.However, in resting horses, a heart rate over 80 can be a sign of a serious problem.If a calm horse has a pulse that is consistently over 60, it can also be a problem.hen exercising, a horse's maximum heart rate can exceed 180 beats per minute. However, in resting horses, a heart rate over 80 can be a sign of a serious problem. If a calm horse has a pulse that is consistently over 60, it can also be a problem.
3744	The average heart rate for adults is between 60 and 100 beats per minute. If your heart rate is above or below that range … then it may be a sign of a problem and you should see a doctor.he average heart rate for adults is between 60 and 100 beats per minute. If your heart rate is above or below that range … then it may be a sign of a problem and you should see a doctor.
3745	A normal resting heart rate for adults ranges from 60 to 100 beats a minute. Generally, a lower heart rate at rest implies more efficient heart function and better cardiovascular fitness.For example, a well-trained athlete might have a normal resting heart rate closer to 40 beats a minute.To measure your heart rate, simply check your pulse. Place your index and third fingers on your neck to the side of your windpipe.or example, a well-trained athlete might have a normal resting heart rate closer to 40 beats a minute. To measure your heart rate, simply check your pulse. Place your index and third fingers on your neck to the side of your windpipe.
3746	For adults 18 and older, a normal resting heart rate is between 60 and 100 beats per minute (bpm), depending on the person’s physical condition and age. For children ages 6 to 15, the normal resting heart rate is between 70 and 100 bpm, according to the AHA.eart rate, also known as pulse, is the number of times a person's heart beats per minute. A normal heart rate depends on the individual, age, body size, heart conditions, whether the person is sitting or moving, medication use and even air temperature. Even emotions can have an impact on heart rate.
3747	Heart rate, also known as pulse, is the number of times a person's heart beats per minute. A normal heart rate depends on the individual, age, body size, heart conditions, whether the person is sitting or moving, medication use and even air temperature.Even emotions can have an impact on heart rate.eart rate, also known as pulse, is the number of times a person's heart beats per minute. A normal heart rate depends on the individual, age, body size, heart conditions, whether the person is sitting or moving, medication use and even air temperature. Even emotions can have an impact on heart rate.
3748	Liposuction performed with this solution is often called tumescent liposuction. In addition, liposuction is also characterized by the technology that disrupts fat. Traditional liposuction, often referred to as suction-assisted liposuction or SAL, involves removing fat with a cannula attached to a suction apparatus.
3749	If you take a quick survey of the many liposuction/cosmetic surgery websites currently on the Internet, you’ll find that the cost of liposuction can vary greatly across the US, but generally boils down to three primary factors:
3750	Factors Determining the Cost of Liposuction. First of all, the type of market depends on the area you live. For example the price for liposuction in New York is more compared to that of Omaha. However, in areas that experience high labor expenses and high rent, you should be prepared to pay more for your liposuction.
3751	For instance, the total amount of liposuction carried out on the buttocks, outer thighs and hips is determined by summing up say $2500 for hips, $3200 for outer thighs, $1900 for buttocks plus a surgical fee of $1700.
3752	Costs of Liposuction. the cost of the operating facility/or hospital and supportive/nursing staff. Other costs routinely include pre-op lab fees (blood work or other tests), cost of the elastic compression garments you’ll need, medications and prescriptions, and any specialized technology that may be used.
3753	There 2 types of fat in the body. Only the Subcutaneous Fat is removed by the body. 1  Subcutaneous Fat: The fat that lies just under the skin; it acts as a buffer to support the skin and is an energy storage material.  Visceral Fat: This is the fat that is packed around the organs.
3754	Liposuction in three areas of the body can range from $6000 to $8000, and in five areas, as high as $11,000. (Because most plastic surgeons offer “package deals” whereby a patient can have multiple areas treated while paying a flat fee for the operating facility and anesthesia, many choose this option.)
3755	The cost of liposuction varies based on the extend of your surgery and the cost of any additional surgery. The average cost of liposuction is around $2000. Remember, the total cost depends on the number of areas needing liposuction. Everyone is different.
3756	The best way to know the cost of your liposuction is to be evaluated during a consultation. To make liposuction affordable for you, we offer patient financing plans, so be sure to ask. Most health insurance plans will not cover liposuction, related complications or another surgery to revise the appearance of your body.
3757	What Is Liposuction? Liposuction is defined as a surgical method that gets rid of fat that has accumulated on certain parts of the body. The fat is removed from body parts such as the neck, hips, buttocks, abdomen or arms using a suction technique to improve their body shape contours. Liposuction is also known as body contouring or lipoplasty. Liposuction cannot be largely considered as weight loss for the entire body or an alternative to losing weight.
3758	Quick Answer. Standard computer monitor sizes include 17, 20 , 24 and 27 inches, as of 2015. Monitors are typically between 15 and 34 inches, but monitors between 17 and 30 inches are the most common sizes. Continue Reading.
3759	Best Answer: People don`t buy average size monitors. They buy one based on what they want to use if for and price. For a school project a basic 17 -19 ins would do for a desktop. 15 ins for a latop.You don`t want to blow the school`s annual budget.
3760	Your best bet is to get the biggest computer monitor that you can. There are a bunch of reasons why you should do this. If you have a MacBook, then the new 27-inch LED Apple Cinema Display is one of the most convenient monitors to have, thanks to its host of features that are geared towards MacBooks.
3761	Standard computer wallpaper sizes are always changing because they are relative to the current popular monitor resolutions. Ideally, a computer's wallpaper will share the same resolution as the screen, which provides the best possible picture quality while using the least amount of computer resources possible.
3762	The standard wallpaper sizes are determined by the most popular resolutions of the time. For example, most computer monitors ran the 1024x768 resolution for years until widescreen monitors grew in popularity, making 1366x768 the most popular resolution. A couple is measuring their wallpaper.
3763	This display aspect ratio is the native resolution for many 24 widescreen LCD monitors, and is expected to also become a standard resolution for smaller to medium-size, wide-aspect tablet computers in the near future (as of 2012).
3764	The 1920x1200 standard wallpaper size covers all the bases for screens running in a 16:10 aspect ratio. While 16:10 screens make up a large share of computer monitors, the devices are spread out between four different resolutions: 1920x1200, 1680x1050, 1440x900 and 1200x800.
3765	What's the Best Computer Monitor Size? With a lot of people using their laptops as a desktop computer replacement, you'd think that smaller monitors might be better, but in all honesty, if you're looking for a new monitor, your best bet is to read on to find out what we think about computer monitor sizes.
3766	The average size for a laptop is 15 inches but they range from 11 to 19 inches. The average size of the monitor for a desktop computer, on the other hand, is 23 inches I believe. You can find whatever size you desire. From 17 to 35 inches.
3767	Computer display standards are a combination of aspect ratio, display size, display resolution, color depth, and refresh rate. They are associated with specific expansion cards, video connectors and monitors. 1 History.
3768	1 37% - My taxact summary review is not showing any income and is showing refund $0 but when i submitted it was showing around $2500 whys that? 2  37% - Told refund is under review could take 11 weeks-will it really take that ling? 3  38% - Why is the georgia state refund check lasting so long in 2014?
3769	Information you need to check the status of your refund: Social Security Number Filing status Exact refund amount In the news, the Internal Revenue Service has $760 million in unclaimed refunds it wants to give to the rightful owners.
3770	1 Hire an accountant or tax services firm to follow up this issue on your behalf particularly if you have a tax obligation to the IRS. 2  But be warned, these are not the cheapest options and if you refund is less than $1,000 it may not be worth the cost.
3771	}¡{blessed}i{. According to Georgia Department of Revenue website, their office issues most refunds within 30 business days. You may check the status of your refund on-line at Georgia Tax Center. You can start checking on the status of your return within 24 hours after they have received your e-filed return or 4 weeks after you mail a paper return. Before making an inquiry, please allow: 1  4 weeks for returns filed electronically. 2  6 weeks for paper returns filed prior to April 1st.
3772	1 32% - Hi there how my georgia tax return was just accepted today how long is it taking to recieve a direct deposit from georgia now a days thanks? 2  33% - Why is it taking so long for the irs tax refund to show up in my emerald card it was final 2 2 weeks ago?
3773	When it comes to tax season I receive a lot of reader questions, many tinged with a hint of desperation, around why IRS tax refunds are taking so long and what can be done to get refunds sooner rather than later. Here is a sampling of comments from the current and past tax seasons: Help me please.
3774	1 Check the IRS tax tool, where’s my refund, to get the official status of your refund (see estimated IRS refund schedule). 2  It is updated daily and provides the latest processing status of your tax refund. 3  The IRS has announced that it expects to issue more than 90% of refunds to taxpayers in less than 21 days.
3775	The reason it is taking so long for some folks is due to the surge in identity theft. The IRS is taking longer to process/review returns which is yielding success in reducing identity theft but also has a side effect: delayed tax refunds for many legitimate filers.
3776	0. 0. Georgia Department of Revenue usually sends refund within 21 business days from the date they receive it. You can check the status of your refund within 24 hours after they have received it if you filed it electronically or check the status after 4 weeks if you mailed your return.
3777	It`s been over a month since Georgia received my taxes & I have called 5 times speaking to 5 different people & have been told 5 different stories! I was also told nothing is wrong with my information.
3778	It is ve … ry very important to maintain your homeostasis. If your body is not functioning properly to maintain the right body temperature you could die. Think about it, if your body doesn't do what it is supposed to do then your body temp can drop drastically if you are cold or raise if you are hot.
3779	1 To identify and example of two organ systems working together to maintain homeostasis. 2  To summarize the role of the endocrine system in homeostasis. 3  To outline the result of a disturbance in homeostasis of a body system.
3780	1 To explain the role of feedback mechanisms in homeostasis. 2  To distinguish negative feedback from positive feedback. 3  To identify and example of two organ systems working together to maintain homeostasis. 4  To summarize the role of the endocrine system in homeostasis.
3781	Feedback Regulation Loops. The endocrine system plays an important role in homeostasis because hormones regulate the activity of body cells. The release of hormones into the blood is controlled by a stimulus. For example, the stimulus either causes an increase or a decrease in the amount of hormone secreted.
3782	Disease as Failure of Homeostatic Mechanisms. Homeostasis is so important that, when it fails, it usually results in serious bodily damage. For example, the disease diabetes is a failure in the homeostasis of blood sugar. People with diabetes tend to have very high levels of sugar in their blood right after they eat and then very low levels in between meals.
3783	It is an organism’s ability to keep a constant internal environment. Homeostasis is an important characteristic of living things. Keeping a stable internal environment requires constant adjustments as conditions change inside and outside the cell. The adjusting of systems within a cell is called homeostatic regulation.
3784	1 To distinguish negative feedback from positive feedback. 2  To identify and example of two organ systems working together to maintain homeostasis. 3  To summarize the role of the endocrine system in homeostasis. 4  To outline the result of a disturbance in homeostasis of a body system.
3785	Instructor: Natalia Caporale. Homeostasis can be defined as a property of an organism or system that helps it maintain its parameters within a normal range of values. It is key to life, and failures in homeostasis can lead to diseases like hypertension and diabetes.
3786	Making the world better, one answer at a time. Homeostasis is the conditions the organism needs to work at maximum efficiency. If an organism doesn't maintain homeostasis, the organism won't be able to operate at full capacity. Living things respond to stimuli that occur inside them. Their temperature also must be within a certain range.
3787	PTH is the primary hormone that protects against hypocalcimia, so it is stimulated to secrete by low circulating [Ca++], which is sensed by the parathyroid chief cell through a CaSR (Ca++-sensing receptor, GPCR).
3788	Choose the Right Type of Mint: 1  Spearmint and peppermint are the most popular types of mint. If you like chocolate, then mint chocolate may be the plant for you. 2  There around 3,500 varieties of mint, so there truly is a taste for every palette.
3789	If you're going to grow mint in a container, I would chose a nice BIG and deep one and mix 'em up (spearmint, peppermint, orange mint, apple mint, chocolate mint, lime mint, the varieties are endless!). It's nice to have different types.
3790	The peppermint herb is a leafy plant that doesn’t grow more than 3 feet tall. Its leaves are fuzzy to the touch, and the plant gives off a faint peppery, sweet smell. Rubbing a peppermint leaf between fingers will release even more of the scent. Growing peppermint plants is incredibly easy.
3791	In fact, mint is a plant that is very mild in the conditions it requires. Supply your mother mint plant with enough water: unlike other plants, mint needs a lot of water. You do not need to water it the whole day long; I do it only once a day or twice if necessary. Just make sure the soil is always humid. A dead mint plant probably hasn't received enough water or sunlight.
3792	With light, sandy soil, the organic matter will help hold the water after rain or irrigation. If your soil has plenty of organic matter -- such as decayed leaves or compost -- worked into it, it will stay moist after a rain or irrigation. Organic matter acts like a sponge, holding moisture near the surface. That's good for onions, which have shallow roots and can't tap water or nutrients deep in the soil. If you're wondering about soil acidity or alkalinity (pH), onions do best if the soil pH is between 5.5 and 6.5, a little on the acid side.
3793	That means that the peppermint plant does not spread through pollination. That doesn’t mean the peppermint plant doesn’t grow well on it’s own. On the contrary, peppermint plants, and all it’s kin, are fast growers. The peppermint plant has been used and cultivated since ancient times.
3794	Here are the steps you need to follow in order to grow your own mint plant: 1  Buy yourself a mint plant. 2  Plant your mother plant in a larger pot. 3  Care for your mother plant: give it enough light and water.  Cut off a sprig and put it in a glass of 1  water. Wait, wait, wait.  Plant your new plant in a 1  pot. Drink  tea.
3795	As mentioned, the peppermint herb is the cross between water mint and spearmint. So, that makes at least two more types of mint. Altogether, there are over 600 varieties of mint, with sixteen of them being used the most today. Some of these varieties mess with the smell of mint and make for some interesting scents.
3796	How to Grow Mint Plants. Plant mint in full sun or part shade. It thrives in rich, moist, well-drained soil. Mint adapts to many soil types, but develops the best foliage in soil that has been enriched with a 2-inch-thick layer of compost. Frequent cutting keeps mint looking attractive.
3797	Mint will grow in most soils - you've got yours in a pot, so you should use a potting mix - any will do. In a cooler climate it will take full sun. In a hot climate it does best in partial shade. Mints prefer moist soil with excellent drainage and the soil should never be allowed to dry out completely. Mint is susceptible to rust. Keep manure away and remove any yellow-streaked sprigs to prevent the spread of the rust virus.
3798	Paranoid schizophrenia, schizophrenia, paranoid type is a sub-type of schizophrenia as defined in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, DSM-IV code 295.30. It has been the most common type of schizophrenia.
3799	Schizophrenia can have a devastating impact on patients and their families. Patients with schizophrenia have increased risk for self-destructive behaviors and suicide. The antipsychotic drugs used to treat schizophrenia can have severe side effects, including increased risk of obesity and diabetes.
3800	Although paranoid schizophrenia is defined by those two symptoms, it is also defined by a lack of certain symptoms (negative symptoms). The following symptoms are not prominent: “disorganized speech, disorganized or catatonic behavior, or flat or inappropriate affect..
3801	About 60% of people with schizophrenia have no close relatives with the illness. Researchers are seeking the specific genetic factors that may be responsible for schizophrenia. Genes under investigation include the neuregulin-1 gene, the OLIG2 gene, and the COMT gene.
3802	Most antipsychotic medications are approved only for adult patients. Some atypical antipsychotics (such as risperidone, aripiprazole, olanzapine, and quetapine) are approved for treatment of schizophrenia in adolescents (ages 13 - 17 years).
3803	1 The patient may firmly believe something, even though there is incontrovertible evidence that it is false. En example may be a belief that a neighbor is plotting to kill or poison the patient.  Anxiety - a patient with paranoid schizophrenia will usually suffer from periods of high anxiety.
3804	Common symptoms for paranoid schizophrenia include auditory hallucinations (hearing voices) and paranoid delusions (believing everyone is out to cause the sufferer harm). However, two of the symptoms separate this form of schizophrenia from other forms.
3805	Another criterion present in patients with paranoid schizophrenia is auditory hallucinations, in which the person hears voices or sounds that are not really present. The patient will sometimes hear multiple voices and the voices can either be talking to the patient or to one another.
3806	Patients with paranoid schizophrenia are more likely to be affected by positive symptoms, such as delusions and auditory hallucinations, and less by problems with mood, cognition (thinking, concentration, attention), compared to other types of schizophrenia.
3807	Paranoid Schizophrenia: Causes, Symptoms and Treatments. Paranoid schizophrenia is a subtype of schizophrenia in which the patient has delusions (false beliefs) that a person or some individuals are plotting against them or members of their family. Paranoid schizophrenia is the most common schizophrenia type.
3808	This is the ratio of the adiabatic elasticity of air to the isothermal elasticity. Encyclopaedia Britannica, 11th Edition, Volume 13, Slice 2 Various. But let us assume that we have a compressor which shows an adiabatic pressure line.
3809	An adiabatic process is any process occurring without gain or loss of heat within a system. Assess the environments in which isothermal processes typically occur. Adiabatic processes can occur if the container of the system has thermally-insulated walls or the process happens in an extremely short time.
3810	This sort of compression is called adiabatic. [Incidentally, this use of the term ‘adiabatic’ has nothing to do with an adiabatic process in quantum mechanics and, in fact, the meaning is almost the opposite.
3811	Adiabatic cooling is used in evaporative coolers. An evaporative cooler is basically a large fan that draws warm air through water-moistened pads. As the water in the pads evaporates, the air is chilled and pushed out to the room. The temperature can be controlled by adjusting the airflow of the cooler.
3812	1 For an adiabatically expanding ideal monatomic gas which does work on its environment (W is positive), internal energy of the gas should decrease.  In a sense, isothermal process can be considered as the opposite extreme of adiabatic process. In isothermal processes, heat exchange is slow enough so that the system's temperature remains constant.
3813	Occurring without gain or loss of heat. When a gas is compressed under adiabatic conditions, its pressure increases and its temperature rises without the gain or loss of any heat. Conversely, when a gas expands under adiabatic conditions, its pressure and temperature both decrease without the gain or loss of heat. The adiabatic cooling of air as it rises in the atmosphere is the main cause of cloud formation.
3814	The temperature falls at the adiabatic rate in unsaturated air till the base of the cumulus cloud is reached. Higher than this, the temperature decreases at a fairly uniform rate, but more slowly than the adiabatic rate. At the same time the utmost pains are taken to maintain the adiabatic condition of the metal walls.
3815	Adiabatic cooling is the process of reducing heat through a change in air pressure caused by volume expansion. In data centers and other facilities, adiabatic processes have enabled free cooling methods, which use freely available natural phenomena to regulate temperature. The principle of adiabatic cooling has been harnessed to develop cooling units that can save industry millions of liters of water.
3816	1 Adiabatic processes can occur if the container of the system has thermally-insulated walls or the process happens in an extremely short time.  For an adiabatically expanding ideal monatomic gas which does work on its environment (W is positive), internal energy of the gas should decrease.
3817	In contrast, an adiabatic process is where a system exchanges no heat with its surroundings (Q = 0). (See our atom on Adiabatic Process. ) In other words, in an isothermal process, the value δT = 0 but Q ≠ 0, while in an adiabatic process, δT ≠ 0 but Q = 0.
3818	Current Somerville, Texas Population, Demographics and stats in 2016, 2017.
3819	Somerville, Texas Population: Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts. Compare population statistics about Somerville, TX by race, age, gender, Latino/Hispanic origin etc. CensusViewer delivers detailed demographics and population statistics from the 2010 Census, 2000 Census, American Community Survey (ACS), registered voter files, commercial data sources and more.
3820	Single-family new house construction building permits: 1  2003: 1 building, cost: $71,000. 2  2004: 1 building, cost: $71,000. 3  2005: 1 building, cost: $71,000. 4  2006: 1 building, cost: $71,000. 5  2007: 1 building, cost: $71,000. 6  2013: 3 buildings, average cost: $114,200. 7  2014: 2 buildings, average cost: $114,200.
3821	Full real estate market profile for Somerville, Texas investors, appraisers and lenders. Exclusive trends, forecasts and reports for every address.
3822	Somerville is an area in Somerville, Burleson County, Brazos Valley, Texas with a population of 6,035. There are 2,978 male residents living in Somerville and 3,057 female residents. The total number of households is 2,579 with 2.34 people per household on average.
3823	The citizens of Somerville are slightly less educated than the national average of 21.84% for the average city or town: 14.31% of adults in Somerville have a bachelor's degree or advanced degree The per capita income in Somerville in 2010 was $20,626, which is middle income relative to Texas, and lower middle income relative to the rest of the US. This equates to an annual income of $82,504 for a family of four.
3824	Population in families living in Somerville ; Total Population: 1,140; Population Under 18 years: 294; Population 18 years and over: 846
3825	In Somerville, TX there are 8,197 housing units; of those housing units, there are approximately 6,363 occupied and 1,834 vacant. Types of homes change over the years, but single family homes detached have remained fairly consistent.
3826	Also, measured against the state of Texas, Population Change of 7.2%, Somerville is about 23.9% smaller. Looking at population density in Figure 5 Somerville indicates it has 490 population density which is the 3d most of all other places in the area.
3827	Settlers Memorial bronze work on lawn of the Somervell County, Texas courthouse, Glen Rose, Texas, April 1, 2010. Native Americans Caddo tribe Anadarko villages were scattered along Trinity and Brazos Rivers.
3828	Edit Page Last Edit: June 14, 2015 - 1 year 10 months ago. IGN's ARK: Survival Evolved guide has for every hidden item in ARK: Survival Evolved. This collectibles page is a stub. Make it more useful by clicking the Edit button and adding your own text, pictures, lists, maps, and videos!
3829	Community Rules. 1  Submissions must be directly gaming-related. 2  Following the Rules of Reddit is required. 3  No bandwagon or direct reply posts.  No piracy, even 1  abandonware. Mark your spoilers and NSFW submissions, comments and links.  No Giveaways / Trades / Contests / Items for 1  sale. Submit only the original source of the content.
3830	The second boss of ARK: Survival Evolved. To summon it, go to its lair located by the blue obelisk. Its location can be seen on the world map. Just like in the case of the previous boss, you need to have 8 artifacts and 18 trophies.
3831	Key points of ARK - The Island Map. Artifacts are special items that can be found inside caves located around The Island. They are at the end of each cave and obtaining them can be extremely challenging. It's best to look for one on a higher level or with a group of friends.
3832	ARK: Survival Evolved. Collectibles. IGN's ARK: Survival Evolved guide has for every hidden item in ARK: Survival Evolved. This collectibles page is a stub. Make it more useful by clicking the Edit button and adding your own text, pictures, lists, maps, and videos!
3833	Artifacts and Boss Monster / Summon Broodmother Lysrix. Boss enemies are not running around like the other dinosaurs in Ark. These must be called by using an artifact. These arifacts can randomly be found in dungeons in a loot crystal. At the moment 6 artifacts are known: A list of the dungeons including a tiny tutorial can be found on our page: Dungeons and Caves.
3834	The third and final main boss in the base version of ARK. A giant dragon that can be summoned near the third, red obelisk. Its location can be seen on the world map. Similarly to other bosses, you need to have 8 artifacts and 18 trophies to fight it.
3835	Each of the land based caves is home to a special artifact that is only found in that cave. These artifacts are needed to summon the endgame bosses at the obelisks. The artifacts are contained within floating upside-down pyramid-shaped boxes with a white glow.
3836	Below you will find a map for the locations of all known caves so far. Thank you Venexis for your map and guide on Steam Community page for this game. SPOILER ALERT! This page will reveal the locations of all known caves, what is inside of them, the layout, and how to navigate them to find the artifacts inside. If you prefer to find what is inside on your own then do no proceed further than the map found below.
3837	Community Rules. 1  Submissions must be directly gaming-related. 2  Following the Rules of Reddit is required. Following Reddiquette is encouraged. 3  No bandwagon or direct reply posts.  No piracy, even 1  abandonware. Mark your spoilers and NSFW submissions, comments and links. Spoiler tags are [X Kills Y](/spoiler) .
3838	Photosynthesis is a process used by plants and other organisms to convert light energy, normally from the Sun, into chemical energy that can be later released to fuel the organisms' activities.arbon dioxide is converted into sugars in a process called carbon fixation. Carbon fixation is an endothermic redox reaction, so photosynthesis needs to supply both a source of energy to drive this process, and the electrons needed to convert carbon dioxide into a carbohydrate.
3839	Photosynthesis is a two stage process. The first process is the Light Dependent Process (Light Reactions), requires the direct energy of light to make energy carrier molecules that are used in the second process.hotosynthesis is the process by which plants, some bacteria, and some protistans use the energy from sunlight to produce sugar, which cellular respiration converts into ATP, the fuel used by all living things.
3840	Photosynthesis is the process by which plants, some bacteria, and some protistans use the energy from sunlight to produce sugar, which cellular respiration converts into ATP, the fuel used by all living things.hotosynthesis is the process by which plants, some bacteria, and some protistans use the energy from sunlight to produce sugar, which cellular respiration converts into ATP, the fuel used by all living things.
3841	This chemical energy is stored in carbohydrate molecules, such as sugars, which are synthesized from carbon dioxide and water – hence the name photosynthesis, from the Greek φῶς, phōs, light, and σύνθεσις, synthesis, putting together.arbon dioxide is converted into sugars in a process called carbon fixation. Carbon fixation is an endothermic redox reaction, so photosynthesis needs to supply both a source of energy to drive this process, and the electrons needed to convert carbon dioxide into a carbohydrate.
3842	In this article. Travel inside the eyes -- our window to the world -- and learn how they allow us to see objects both near and far. In order to see, there must be light. Light reflects off an object and -- if one is looking at the object -- enters the eye.The first thing light touches when entering the eye is a thin veil of tears that coats the front of the eye. Behind this lubricating moisture is the front window of the eye, called the cornea.ravel inside the eyes -- our window to the world -- and learn how they allow us to see objects both near and far. In order to see, there must be light. Light reflects off an object and -- if one is looking at the object -- enters the eye.
3843	There are many sizes of Fresnel lenses, called 'orders', the largest being a first order, which is made up of hundreds of glass prisms. The lenses decrease in size through second order, third order, etc.Some have red panels, in order to shine a red light seaward.here are many sizes of Fresnel lenses, called 'orders', the largest being a first order, which is made up of hundreds of glass prisms. The lenses decrease in size through second order, third order, etc.
3844	The cornea’s refractive power bends the light rays in such a way that they pass freely through the pupil the opening in the center of the iris through which light enters the eye. The iris works like a shutter in a camera. It has the ability to enlarge and shrink, depending on how much light is entering the eye.ight rays pass through a dense, transparent gel-like substance, called the vitreous that fills the globe of the eyeball and helps the eye hold its spherical shape. In a normal eye, the light rays come to a sharp focusing point on the retina. The retina functions much like the film in a camera.
3845	The light bulbs used in the manufacture of holiday lights are made at a circular table. The table rotates, and, as it turns, each glass module is processed into a completed bulb. First, the module is heated, then it is blown into the bulb shape.he light bulbs used in the manufacture of holiday lights are made at a circular table. The table rotates, and, as it turns, each glass module is processed into a completed bulb. First, the module is heated, then it is blown into the bulb shape.
3846	In summary, the cornea is the clear, transparent front covering which admits light and begins the refractive process. It also keeps foreign particles from entering the eye. The pupil is an adjustable opening that controls the intensity of light permitted to strike the lens.ight rays pass through a dense, transparent gel-like substance, called the vitreous that fills the globe of the eyeball and helps the eye hold its spherical shape. In a normal eye, the light rays come to a sharp focusing point on the retina. The retina functions much like the film in a camera.
3847	Report Abuse. The eye catches the light. It has receptors that pick up the information (wavelength and intensity of the light) and send it to the brain. Then the brain takes that information and creates a picture based on it (wavelength determines the color, intensity tells if its brighter or darker).eport Abuse. The eye catches the light. It has receptors that pick up the information (wavelength and intensity of the light) and send it to the brain. Then the brain takes that information and creates a picture based on it (wavelength determines the color, intensity tells if its brighter or darker).
3848	Nuclear fusion research has been a mild success in terms of international cooperation, with a growing number of countries determined to contribute their own piece of the puzzle. Today, there are nuclear fusion experiments operating in the U.S., Germany, United Kingdom, India, France, Japan and several other countries.
3849	Latin for “the way,” ITER will be the largest and most powerful fusion generator in the world, and is expected to to cross the break-even point. ITER is projected to produce 500 MW of power with an input of 50 MW, and be able to hold plasma for half an hour or more.
3850	WHAT IS FUSION? Fusion is the process that powers the sun and the stars. It is the reaction in which two atoms of hydrogen combine together, or fuse, to form an atom of helium.
3851	Fusion, at its core, is a simple concept. Take two hydrogen isotopes and smash them together with overwhelming force. The two atoms overcome their natural repulsion and fuse, yielding a reaction that produces an enormous amount of energy.
3852	what is fusion? Fusion is the process that powers the sun and the stars. It is the reaction in which two atoms of hydrogen combine together, or fuse, to form an atom of helium. In the process some of the mass of the hydrogen is converted into energy. The easiest fusion reaction to make happen is combining deuterium (or “heavy hydrogen) with tritium (or “heavy-heavy hydrogen”) to make helium and a neutron. Deuterium is plentifully available in ordinary water. Tritium can be produced by combining the fusion neutron with the abundant light metal lithium.
3853	Why Nuclear Fusion Is Always 30 Years Away. 1  The Joint European Torus tokamak generator, as seen from the inside. 2  The first plasma achieved with hydrogen at the Wendelstein 7-X reactor. 3  A magnetic confinement fusion device, the Wendelstein 7-X, under construction.
3854	Currently, the largest fusion reactor in the world is the Joint European Torus (JET), a tokamak based in England and supported by the European Union. JET was commissioned in the 1970s and first came online in 1983 and successfully produced plasma, the first step in achieving fusion.
3855	Every fusion is energy consuming and part of the energy is bound in the created core. Cracking neutrons gives the energy back. The fusion is a energy consuming byproduct. It is a waste of the process, which is fission not fusion. Fusion reactors will never produce energy because they consume more energy! They are not real fusion reactors! Its fission!
3856	While fusion is a nuclear process, the products of the fusion reaction (helium and a neutron) are not radioactive, and with proper design a fusion power plant would be passively safe, and would produce no long-lived radioactive waste.
3857	Why Nuclear Fusion Is Always 30 Years Away. 1  The Joint European Torus tokamak generator, as seen from the inside. (Credit: EUROfusion) 2  The first plasma achieved with hydrogen at the Wendelstein 7-X reactor. Temperatures in the reactor were in excess of 170 million degrees Fahrenheit.
3858	1 Approximately 36,000 units of red blood cells are needed every day in the U.S. 2  Nearly 7,000 units of platelets and 10,000 units of plasma are needed daily in the U.S. 3  Nearly 21 million blood components are transfused each year in the U.S.  The average red blood cell transfusion is approximately 3 pints.
3859	The 2015/16 price of red cells is detailed in the notes. Acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding accounts for 70,000 hospital admissions per year and 11% of all red blood cell units transfused in England. It is the single leading clinical indication for transfusions for red blood cells. However there is no clear optimum threshold for the use of red blood cell transfusions.
3860	The average adult has 8 – 12 pints of blood traveling all over his or her body through the heart, lungs, arteries, veins and capillaries. Blood is an essential part of our bodies that transports oxygen, nutrients, and metabolic waste. In addition to all that, blood performs these functions:
3861	Blood is a living tissue composed of blood cells suspended in plasma. The cellular elements, red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets – make up about 45% of the volume of whole blood. Plasma, which is 92% water, makes up the remaining 55%.
3862	A reduction in red blood cell transfusion for AUIGIB would have substantial financial implications. In 2013-14, an estimated 204,000 units of red blood cells were issued for AUGIB, costing £123.31 per unit. A 13% reduction, as shown in this trial, would lead to annual savings to the NHS of about £3.3m for the blood alone, which excludes laboratory and administration costs.
3863	1 The average adult has about 10 pints of blood in his body. Roughly 1 pint is given during a donation. 2  A healthy donor may donate red blood cells every 56 days, or double red cells every 112 days.  A healthy donor may donate platelets as few as 7 days apart, but a maximum of 24 times a year.
3864	Whole blood units are usually around a pint or a bit over 450 mL Packed blood cells are usually around a half pint. According to the FAQ on the Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center web site, a unit is one pint, which equals about 473 mL. Approximately 450mL according to Canadian Blood Services. This depends on various factors and the volume of blood in each unit bag will not always be the same from one bag to another.
3865	A unit of whole blood is 450 milliliters, which is about 0.9510 U.S. pint. For… components of blood, one unit is the amount of that substance that would normally be found in one unit of whole blood. The adult human body contains roughly 12 units of whole blood.   See the related link for more information.
3866	If all blood donors gave two to four times a year, it would help prevent blood shortages. 17. You could donate 48 gallons of blood if you began at 17 years old and donate every 56 days until you reach 76 years old.
3867	For components of blood, one unit is the amount of that substance that would norma…lly be found in one unit of whole blood. The adult human body contains roughly 12 units of whole blood.0.45 litre = 1 unit of blood   Answer   According to Canadian Blood Services, a unit of blood is approximately 450 ml.
3868	Acc to the movie I have seen and then going through various article and the resources the number that was convincing and most common was that 76 people were killed by our hero.Also in an interview the director confirms all in all “actually 84”. I have attached the screenshot for ur reference. Thanx for A2A.
3869	Four Atlanta city-slickers -- businessmen Lewis Medlock (Burt Reynolds), Ed Gentry (Jon Voight), Bobby Trippe (Ned Beatty), and Drew Ballinger (Ronny Cox) -- decide to make a weekend canoe trip down the pristine Cahulawassee River Valley in Northern Georgia before a dam is built that will change it into a huge lake.
3870	The two-time Oscar winner was emotional during an onstage discussion for BAFTA's Life in Pictures event that centered on his film career. LONDON -- Dustin Hoffman delivered an emotional account of his 30-plus years in the movies at an invitation only event at the British Academy of Film & Television Arts on Tuesday evening.
3871	Jon Krakauer, author of 1997's Into Thin Air, is upset with his portrayal in the film Everest.. Jon Krakauer, author of 1997's Into Thin Air, is upset with his portrayal in the film Everest..
3872	People Movies. Movies. Meryl Streep and Dustin Hoffman in Kramer vs. Kramer: The On-Set Drama Behind the Landmark Oscar-Winning Film. Actors have difficult moments making films all the time, but news that Meryl Streep and Dustin Hoffman feuded on the set of Kramer vs. Kramer is a far bigger deal. We’re talking about two of the most respected actors of their generations, with 26 Oscar nominations between them (her: 19; him: 7).
3873	does jigsaw die in saw 4 or saw 3? Jigsaw is dying at the end of Saw III and is completely dead by Saw IV. Thanks for... How did Jigsaw supposedly die in saw 3? Jigsaw is mortally wounded when Reinhart slices his throat with a power saw.
3874	Deliverance is a 1970 novel written by American writer James Dickey [1923-1997]. The novel was adapted for the screen by Dickey, along with English film-maker James Boorman, who also directed the movie. Dickey also has a small role toward the end of the movie as Sheriff Bullard, sheriff of Aintry.
3875	'It's total bull': Jon Krakauer hates 'Everest,' praises Sean Penn and just made a doc on polygamy. At the movies this weekend, there will be two versions of journalist Jon Krakauer on the big screen. In “Prophet’s Prey,” a documentary about Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, he’s seen as a hard-hitting reporter who helped put polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs behind bars.
3876	The two-time Oscar winner, speaking at the British Academy's HQ, broke down in tears twice and drew lots of laughs while talking through his filmography as part of Bafta's Life in Pictures season of events.
3877	John Kramer (Jigsaw) is killed by Jeff at the end of Saw 3.
3878	to ease (a person) of any burden, wrong, or oppression, as by legal means. 6. to reduce (a pressure, load, weight, etc., on a device or object under stress): to relieve the steam pressure; to relieve the stress on the supporting walls.
3879	In the end…. when in doubt, pronounce slowly every syllable, simply. If you’re unsure of how to attack a word — say, “carpaccio,” “amatriciana” or “peperoncino,” just remember that there are no silent vowels in Italian, and usually the words are spelled phonetically (unlike English!).
3880	It’s a common appetizer (correctly called ANTIPASTO, meaning “before meal” in Italian, while ANTIPASTI is the plural), usually made with crouton and tomato. Please, don’t pronounce it “brewshhetta” because in Italian the “ch” seems a hard “K” with a well pronounced “s” ahead. CAPRESE (it means coming from Capri) A simple salad made with mozzarella, slices of fresh tomatoes and basil.
3881	In the News: Pinky Thakkar (silent h), an engineer from Mumbai, started the Web site www.pronouncenames.com after she moved to San Jose, Calif., and mispronounced the J in San Jose, not giving it the H sound used in Spanish words ... Read More.
3882	English pronunciation of “penne”. ​ uk How to pronounce penne in British English. ​ us How to pronounce penne in American English. (English pronunciations of “penne” from the Cambridge Advanced Learner’s Dictionary & Thesaurus and from the Cambridge Academic Content Dictionary, both sources © Cambridge University Press)
3883	Correct Italian dishes Pronounce. We all know that Italian restaurants are widely available, often inexpensive, usually have a romantic atmosphere and the food is very delicious and particular. Besides, it’s well-known worldwide that Italian diet (and Neapolitan specially) is very healthy and balanced.
3884	1 Crumble bacon when cooled.  Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir crumbled bacon and onion in the hot oil until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir chicken into mixture and season with garlic powder, salt, and black pepper.
3885	1 Drain the bacon slices on paper towels. Crumble bacon when cooled.  Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir crumbled bacon and onion in the hot oil until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir chicken into mixture and season with garlic powder, salt, and black pepper.
3886	1 Pour sauce over chicken and bacon mixture.  Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook bow-tie pasta at a boil, stirring occasionally, until cooked through yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes; drain. Gently fold pasta into chicken mixture and transfer to a serving bowl.
3887	Search Term Search. ​ uk How to pronounce penne in British English. ​ us How to pronounce penne in American English. (English pronunciations of “penne” from the Cambridge Advanced Learner’s Dictionary & Thesaurus and from the Cambridge Academic Content Dictionary, both sources © Cambridge University Press)
3888	Flights from Cornwall Airport Newquay vary depending on the season, with a reduced service in the winter. For detailed schedules please use the links to the left. Our all year round direct flights are as follows; London Gatwick; Flybe operates a 7 days a week service with a flight time of 60 minutes.
3889	Flights from Cornwall Airport Newquay vary depending on the season, with a reduced service in the winter. For detailed schedules please use the links to the left.
3890	Cornwall Airport Newquay has an ongoing commitment to passengers requiring special assistance and the airports' procedures have been designed to enable smooth and easy passage through all areas.
3891	Newquay is served by Newquay Cornwall Airport (NQY) , six miles north of the city centre. Direct flights are available from London and most other major cities within the UK, with low-cost airlines offering most of the flights.
3892	Our Destinations. Flights from Cornwall Airport Newquay vary depending on the season, with a reduced service in the winter. For detailed schedules please use the links to the left.
3893	Isles of Scilly; Skybus operates a 6 days a week service (not Sundays) with a flight time of 30 minutes. Newquay Airport 2015 Route Map. Flybe's services to London Gatwick and Manchester offer the opportunity for passengers to connect with over 200 destinations across the UK, Europe and Worldwide.
3894	Passenger Assistance. Cornwall Airport Newquay has an ongoing commitment to passengers requiring special assistance and the airports' procedures have been designed to enable smooth and easy passage through all areas.
3895	If you are travelling from Newquay and would like to take your own car, the airport offers short and long stay parking. The airport also offers a drop-off point, with a maximum stay of five minutes for departures, and a pick-up point for arrivals.
3896	All departing passengers from Cornwall Airport Newquay over the age of 16 are required to pay a £5 Airport Development Fee (ADF).
3897	Book flights to Newquay Cornwall International Airport (NQY) with CheapOair! In addition to offering competitive airfares to locations most convenient for you, we provide useful information to inform your travel to NQY.
3898	vitamin d is a nutrient needed for health and to maintain strong bones for bone health vitamin d aids in the absorption of calcium and phosphorus in our bodies helps bring calcium and phosphorus to our bones and teeth and helps regulate how much calcium remains in our blood
3899	vitamin d is found in many foods including fish eggs fortified milk and cod liver oil the sun also adds to the body s daily production of vitamin d and as little as 10 minutes of exposure is thought to prevent deficiency
3900	a vitamin d3 or cholecalciferol is a d vitamin that is important for the absorption of calcium from the stomach and for the functioning of calcium in the body it is used to treat or prevent many conditions caused by a lack of vitamin d especially conditions of the skin or bones
3901	vitamin d is a fat soluble vitamin that is naturally present in very few foods added to others and available as a dietary supplement it is also produced endogenously when ultraviolet rays from sunlight strike the skin and trigger vitamin d synthesis
3902	vitamin d is one of many nutrients our bodies need to stay healthy among the vitamin s main functions help the body absorb calcium vitamin d in tandem with calcium helps build bones and keep bones strong and healthy help block the release of a specific hormone parathyroid hormone
3903	vitamin d is the name given to a group of fat soluble prohormones substances that usually have little hormonal activity by themselves but that the body can turn into hormones vitamin d helps the body use calcium and phosphorus to make strong bones and teeth
3904	a cholecalciferol is vitamin d3 vitamin d is important for the absorption of calcium from the stomach and for the functioning of calcium in the body cholecalciferol is used to treat or prevent many conditions caused by a lack of vitamin d especially conditions of the skin or bones
3905	vitamin d is found in many foods including fish eggs fortified milk and cod liver oil the sun also adds to the body s daily production of vitamin d and as little as 10 minutes of exposure is thought to prevent deficiency the term vitamin d refers to several different forms of this vitamin
3906	help the body absorb calcium vitamin d in tandem with calcium helps build bones and keep bones strong and healthy help block the release of a specific hormone parathyroid hormone this hormone reabsorbs bone tissue which makes bones thin and brittle
3907	your exposure to sunlight is limited because the body makes vitamin d when your skin is exposed to sunlight you may be at risk of deficiency if you are homebound live in northern latitudes wear long robes or head coverings for religious reasons or have an occupation that prevents sun exposure
3908	GOMEZ Surname Meaning & Origin: This popular surname is a patronymic form of the given name, Gome or Gomo, meaning man..Gomo is a pet form of Gomesano, composed of old Spanish elements meaning man, path plus the patronymic ending -ez, signifying son of..ind records, queries, and lineage-linked family trees posted for the Gomez surname and its variations. GOMEZ Surname & Family Mailing Lists. RootsWeb hosts several free mailing lists for researchers of the Gomez surname.
3909	The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Maria Gomez (la Pareja), which was dated 1521, marriage to Lorenzo Suarez de Figneroa, at Belacazar, Cordoba, Spain, during the reign of King Charles 1 of Spain, 1516 - 1556. Surnames became necessary when governments introduced personal taxation.In England this was known as Poll Tax. Throughout the centuries, surnames in every country have continued to develop often leading to astonishing variants of the original spelling.urnames became necessary when governments introduced personal taxation. In England this was known as Poll Tax. Throughout the centuries, surnames in every country have continued to develop often leading to astonishing variants of the original spelling.
3910	The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Maria Gomez (la Pareja), which was dated 1521, marriage to Lorenzo Suarez de Figneroa, at Belacazar, Cordoba, Spain, during the reign of King Charles 1 of Spain, 1516 - 1556.n England, Horace, son of Narozo and Emma Gomez, was christened on September 16th 1858, at St. Pancras, London. A Coat of Arms granted to a Gomez family of Castille, depicts on a silver shield, a green pine tree on a green terrasse, with two black wolves rampant facing each other against the tree trunk.
3911	Gomes is a common Portuguese and Old Galician surname. It derived from the given name Gomes, which derived from the Visigothic word guma, meaning man. Notable persons with that surname include:1  Albert Gomes, Trinidad and Tobago politician, labour leader and author. 2  Ana Maria Gomes, Portuguese politician.t derived from the given name Gomes, which derived from the Visigothic word guma, meaning man. Notable persons with that surname include: 1  Albert Gomes, Trinidad and Tobago politician, labour leader and author.
3912	The English surname Gomme is similar, originating from the Old English guma, Middle English gome meaning man.. Gomez is the 68th most popular surname in the United States and the 15th most common Hispanic surname.ind records, queries, and lineage-linked family trees posted for the Gomez surname and its variations. GOMEZ Surname & Family Mailing Lists. RootsWeb hosts several free mailing lists for researchers of the Gomez surname.
3913	The surname Lamb is English. It's original origins are from Northumberland, England, but the first written record of the family name was found in Kent, England. Although the s … urname Lamb can readily be found throughout the English-speaking world, the name is decidedly English.omez comes from her mom, by way of Puerto Rico!   HER MOM IS … BLACK AND DAD IS PUERTO RICAN. I THINK GOMEZ IS HER MIDDLE NAME. IT MAY BE PUERTO RICAN NAME.   The first answer is correct the second one is wrong. Her mother Cheryl Gomez is Puerto Rican, and her father Dr. Bennett Preston is African American.
3914	References. The Gomez Family Crest was acquired from the Houseofnames.com archives. The Gomez Family Crest was drawn according to heraldic standards based on published blazons. We generally include the oldest published family crest once associated with each surname.This page was last modified on 3 October 2015 at 14:32.he Gomez Family Crest was drawn according to heraldic standards based on published blazons. We generally include the oldest published family crest once associated with each surname. This page was last modified on 3 October 2015 at 14:32.
3915	It is of Greek origin, and the meaning of Selena is the moon. From Selene. The name also possibly derives from Celia or the French name Marceline. Mythology: Selena was the moon goddess, sister to Helios, the sun, and companion to the names Diana and Cynthia.Late Latin pop singer Selena. Kreatif forms: Silena, Syllena, Sylna.he name also possibly derives from Celia or the French name Marceline. Mythology: Selena was the moon goddess, sister to Helios, the sun, and companion to the names Diana and Cynthia. Late Latin pop singer Selena. Kreatif forms: Silena, Syllena, Sylna.
3916	Click on a place to view Gomez immigration records. The information for this chart came from the U.S. Immigration Collection at Ancestry. You can find out where the majority of the Gomez families were living before they immigrated to the U.S and learn where to focus your search for foreign records.Immigration records can tell you an ancestor's name, ship name, port of departure, port of arrival, and destination.he information for this chart came from the U.S. Immigration Collection at Ancestry. You can find out where the majority of the Gomez families were living before they immigrated to the U.S and learn where to focus your search for foreign records.
3917	 English and Scottish: topographic name for someone who lived by  a patch of wet ground overgrown with brushwood, northern Middle  English kerr (Old Norse kjarr). A legend … grew up that  the Kerrs were left-handed, on theory that the name is derived from  Gaelic cearr 'wrong-handed', 'left-handed'.omez comes from her mom, by way of Puerto Rico!   HER MOM IS … BLACK AND DAD IS PUERTO RICAN. I THINK GOMEZ IS HER MIDDLE NAME. IT MAY BE PUERTO RICAN NAME.   The first answer is correct the second one is wrong. Her mother Cheryl Gomez is Puerto Rican, and her father Dr. Bennett Preston is African American.
3918	1 The test typically costs $5-$25. 2  For example, Bartell Drugs, a pharmacy with locations across Western Washington, offers a total cholesterol test for $5 and a complete lipid panel for $15. 3  Publix, with locations in South Carolina, Tennessee and Florida, offers cholesterol testing for $15-$20.
3919	1 Walk-in clinics provide cholesterol testing for $50-$100 per visit. 2  The cost usually includes the cost of lab testing and the cost of an office visit. 3  For example, Minute Clinic, the medical clinic located inside many CVS Pharmacy locations, offers cholesterol testing for $59 plus a $30 lab fee.
3920	1 CostHelper readers with insurance report out-of-pocket costs of $283 -$675 for blood tests, with an average of $432; total billed costs were $312 -$1,200 (averaging $755), with the insurance either paying or discounting the total cost by $29 -$525.
3921	1 There are two basic types of home cholesterol tests -- the kind done completely in the privacy of one's home and the kind that requires shipment to a laboratory to complete. 2  At-home tests cost $15-$25; kits requiring shipment cost $25-$50.
3922	1 If an insured patient receives a cholesterol test as part of a physical, there is typically a charge for an office visit copay. 2  Walk-in clinics provide cholesterol testing for $50-$100 per visit. 3  The cost usually includes the cost of lab testing and the cost of an office visit.
3923	The charge for a lipid panel ranged from $10 to $10,169. Hospital prices for a basic metabolic panel (which doctors use to measure the body's metabolism) were $35 at one facility — and $7,303 at another.
3924	1 For patients not covered by health insurance, total costs can be $100 -$3,000 or more, depending on the number and type of tests ordered; the cost of any doctor visits to order and interpret the tests; and whether the tests are done on an emergency basis.
3925	1 The cost usually includes the cost of lab testing and the cost of an office visit. 2  For example, Minute Clinic, the medical clinic located inside many CVS Pharmacy locations, offers cholesterol testing for $59 plus a $30 lab fee.
3926	1 The cost of cholesterol test depends on where the test will be performed. 2  The location of the clinic will be considered as a factor for the price difference of the test. 3  Another factor that can affect the price of cholesterol test is the type of test that will be taken.
3927	If your total cholesterol is high, you have twice the risk for heart disease as a person with normal total cholesterol. Here is the adult range for HDL cholesterol: Normal: 35 to 65 mg/dL for men, 35 to 80 mg/dL for women. If your number is less than 25 mg/dL, your risk for coronary heart disease is doubled.
3928	Based on the acquisition and correlation review of digital images, the Integrated Ballistics Identification System (IBIS) has indicated a possible association between the following cases: 1. North Carolina State Crime Laboratory case R201199999 (Anywhere Sheriff’s Office Case 11-88888), and 2.
3929	1.0 Purpose – To outline the procedures for use of the Integrated Ballistics Identification System (IBIS). 2.0 Scope – This procedure applies to IBIS users, questioned evidence items, and known test fired items
3930	Automated Firearms Ballistics Technology. As with fingerprints, every firearm has unique characteristics. The barrel of a weapon leaves distinct markings on a projectile. The breech mechanism also leaves distinct markings on the cartridge case. These markings are produced by the breech face itself, the firing pin, extractor, and ejector.
3931	The Integrated Ballistic Identification System (IBIS) provides a single system capable of comparing both types of ballistic evidence found at crime scenes. This integrated and automated imaging system permits a technician to enter and review large numbers of fired bullets and expended cartridge cases and cross reference hits made from each system for examination by a firearms examiner.
3932	By doing automated searches, the system speeds up and optimizes time spent on comparisons. The best evidence in linking a firearm to a specific crime is matching the recovered projectile and cartridge casings to the suspect firearm. The IBIS consists of two separate work stations — a Data Acquisition Station and an Image Analysis Station. These stations operate in an independent manner. The Data Acquisition Station is used to collect image data.
3933	Complex health management needs a highly coordinated team supported by sophisticated technology. Ibis ™ delivers person-centered care through a dedicated care team that is informed and prompted by artificial intelligence.
3934	Recently ATF purchased the newest technology, IBIS BrassTrRAX. The new IBIS BrassTRAX Systems will help ATF move NIBIN into a new era of crime fighting. Utilizing IBIS technology, BrassTRAX is a highly-automated desktop acquisition station that collects images of fired cartridge cases and forwards them to be searched against the NIBIN Database. Last Reviewed September 22, 2016
3935	IBIS becomes a vital solution to the daily and long-term challenges that Engineers, IT Management, Energy Managers and Sustainability Teams are faced with. Automation of the continuous commissioning process for building systems and equipment makes IBIS an analytical tool of efficiency benchmarking. IBIS is designed to support enterprise level systems that span across multiple devices, sites or regions yet is cost-effective enough to implement in small business environments.
3936	What is the Ibis Solution? Intelligent Behavioral Intervention System Through a combination of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and care navigators, Ibis ™ meets the changing needs of people with complex health by: Empowering members with the necessary tools and support to confidently self-manage, avoiding confusion and helplessness
3937	IBIS® stands for Intelligent Building Interface System (IBIS®). True to it's name, IBIS is a suite of software modules that form an Intelligent Enterprise Energy Management System like no other on the market today.
3938	But in fact it is Ceuta, the tiny Spanish territory that lies just 18 miles across the water from Gibraltar in North Africa. While Morocco claims Ceuta as its own, Spain has no intention of giving up the exclave. The rock of Gibraltar seen from Ceuta (John Robertson) The similarities between the two are striking.
3939	Tangier: Tangier, port and principal city of northern Morocco. It is located on a bay of the Strait of Gibraltar 17 miles (27 km) from the southern tip of Spain; Tétouan lies about 40
3940	Morocco's Jewish population dwindled from an approximate 250,000 to the current number of about 5,000. Table 1: Evolution of Moroccan-Origin Populations in Main European Destination Countries (Registered population, possessing Moroccan citizenship, including second and third generations), 1968-2012
3941	Morocco's Jewish population dwindled from an approximate 250,000 to the current number of about 5,000. Between 1965 and 1972, the estimated number of registered Moroccans living in Europe increased tenfold, from 30,000 to 300,000, to around 400,000 by 1975 (see Table 1).
3942	Since Spain's 1976 withdrawal from what is today called Western Sahara, Morocco has extended its de facto administrative control to roughly 80% of this territory; however, the UN does not recognize Morocco as the administering power for Western Sahara.
3943	Also, as most books in Morocco as written in French, and seldom translated into English, it is often difficult for non- French speaking westerners to find literature from or about Morocco. In addition to Arabic, Berber and French, it is also common to hear Spanish, German and most recently English in certain areas of Morocco. Until 1965, the Spanish controlled northern Moroccan cities such as Tetouan. Also, because northern Morocco is in such close proximity to Spain, Spanish is commonly spoken in Tangier.
3944	Spanish territories. 1  Population 77,000 (Ceuta), 70,000 (Melilla) 2  Area (combined) 32 sq km (12 sq miles) 3  Major languages Spanish, Arabic. 4  Major religions Christianity, Islam. 5  Life expectancy 75 years (men), 81 years (women) 6  Currency euro.
3945	The Numbers of Spanish Speakers in the World Exceeds 500 million July 26, 2014 The chart below gives data by country of the 460,368,652 native Spanish speakers in the world and 517,423,452 million who speak Spanish including those who speak it as their second language. There are at least 70 countries in the world with measurable Spanish speaking populations. At least 29 countries have more than 1 million Spanish speakers.
3946	Morocco's current population is about 30 million; over two million people of Moroccan descent currently live in Western Europe. More recently, a growing number of Moroccan migrants have settled in Canada and the U.S.. Receiving $3.6 billion in official remittances in 2003, Morocco was the fourth largest remittance receiver in the developing world.
3947	The Spanish territories of Melilla and Ceuta lie within Morocco in North Africa. Learn about the history and geography of Spain's Melilla and Ceuta. The Spanish territories of Melilla and Ceuta lie within Morocco in North Africa. Learn about the history and geography of Spain's Melilla and Ceuta. The Spanish Enclaves of North Africa
3948	WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW: Urethral stent placement is a procedure to open a blockage or stricture (narrowing) in your urethra with a stent. The urethra is the tube that carries urine from your bladder out of your body. A stent is a small plastic or metal tube that is used to open your narrowed urethra. Blockages and strictures can make it hard for urine to flow out of your body. Pelvic (hip) injuries and repeat urinary tract infections may lead to urethral strictures and blockages.
3949	A catheter (thin tube) with a balloon attached may be placed over the wire. The balloon on the catheter will be inflated to widen your narrowed urethra. The stent will be put into your urethra, over the wire, to the area of the blockage. Once the stent is in place, the wire and catheter will be removed. An x-ray may be done to check if the stent is in the proper place inside your urethra.
3950	A ‘ureteral stent’ or ‘ureteric stent’ is a thin, hollow tube inserted into the ureter. Ureters are thin tube-like-organs which connect kidneys to the urinary bladder, to allow urine flow from the kidney. The stent is longer than the actual ureter and tube-ends are usually coiled.
3951	What is it? A thin, hollow tube placed inside the ureter during surgery to ensure drainage of urine from the kidney into the bladder. J shaped curls are present at both ends to hold the tube in place and prevent migration, hence the description double J stent. It allows the kidney to drain urine by temporarily relieving any obstruction, or to assist the kidney in passing out stone fragments into the bladder after definitive kidney stone treatment.
3952	This topic will discuss the indications for ureteral stenting, technique of ureteral stent placement, management of stents, and stent complications. The management of urinary obstruction and urinary tract infection are discussed in detail elsewhere. Ureteral stents are functionally used to re-establish or maintain the patency of the ureter.
3953	Urethral stent placement is a procedure to open a blockage or stricture (narrowing) of your urethra. The urethra is the tube that carries urine from your bladder out of your body. A stent is a small plastic or metal tube used to open your narrowed urethra.
3954	Patients with complicated obstruction need prompt decompression of the urinary tract with either placement of an indwelling ureteral stent or a percutaneous nephrostomy tube [7-9]. Retrograde ureteral stent placement and percutaneous nephrostomy both effectively relieve obstruction and infection due to ureteral calculi.
3955	A ureteric stent is a fine plastic tube inserted into your kidney. It allows urine to drain from your kidney into your bladder when you have a blockage - a stone or growth - in your ureter (a narrow, muscular tube that connects your kidney to your bladder).
3956	It can be blocked within ureter. Blockage such as a stone can hinder the urine flow from kidneys to bladder. Some disease process such as infection, scar or tumour in the wall of ureter can obstruct the lumen of ureter. In other cases, any mass or swelling in side abdomen/pelvis can compress the ureter from outside.
3957	• The stent may irritate your bladder causing you to feel a need to pass urine frequently. • You may see blood in your urine on some occasions. Sometimes you may feel pain in your back (on the side of your body where the stent is) when passing urine. This is usual as the stent may rub against the wall of your ureter.
3958	As O'Reilly's 2013 Data Science Salary Survey suggests, the field of big data has ushered in the arrival of new, complex tools that relatively few people understand or have even heard of.. Knowing those tools is what yields such outsized salaries.
3959	Data Scientist, IT Salary. (United States). The average pay for a Data Scientist, IT is $93,339 per year. Experience has a moderate effect on income for this job. Most people move on to other jobs if they have more than 10 years' experience in this field. $63,039 - $126,099.
3960	These variations depend on on a wide range of factors from population to general competitiveness in the market. Below is a map displaying a few key cities in Maryland and surrounding states, click on any one to find Scientist I Biotech Salaries for that area.
3961	A full 40 percent are finding it very difficult or impossible.. Against such scarcity, data scientists are priced at a premium. According to Glassdoor data, the median salary for data scientists in the United States is $117,500. By contrast, a business analyst can expect to make around $61,000 and a data analyst around $55,000. Gartner analyst Svetlana Sicular pokes fun at the whole category of data science, laughing that a data scientist is 1) a data analyst in California or 2) a statistician under 35..
3962	Data Is Money. The average data scientist today earns $123,000 a year, according to Indeed.com. But the operating term here is today, since data science has paid increasing dividends since it really burst into business consciousness in 2012.
3963	(United States). The Golden State offers the largest salaries to Data Scientists; the three top-paying cities in the field are Mountain View, San Francisco, and Palo Alto.
3964	Pay Difference by Location. Relative to Data Scientists in the rest of the country, Data Scientists in Mountain View, San Francisco, and Palo Alto see salaries beyond the national average. In fact, these California cities offer more pay than any other American city.
3965	Performs a variety of laboratory procedures using established synthetic methods and techniques under general guidance. Conducts experiments, some moderately complex. Conducts and interprets routine spectroscopic data (i.e., NMR and IR). Requires a Ph.D in area of specialty and 0-2 years of experience in the field or in a related area. Has knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job. Works under immediate supervision. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager.
3966	One of their main work tools is usually an industrial computer with high processing power and proprietary software applications for research tasks. IT data scientists usually must possess previous work experience in a similar position.
3967	But if you're looking for the highest paid profession, data science is hard to beat. Yes, CEOs make more, coming in at a median salary of $740,589. But among the jobs available to the remaining 99.999% of us, data-scientist salaries are hard to beat. In fact, for job postings nationwide, data-scientist salaries are 113% more than average salaries for all job postings, according to Indeed.com.
3968	Thus gradually she started to earn her net worth. Selena Gomez Salary. Per year: $3, 8 million. Per month: $317,000. Per week: $80,000. Per day: $11,309. Selena Gomez Net Worth from 2008 to 2016. Selena Gomez info is searched over the net by millions of fans. She is considered as one of the most fast-rising stars of her generation. Selena’s breaking role was in the show “The Wizards of Waverly Place” that led her to stardom.
3969	Selena Gomez Net Worth is $60 Million Selena Gomez Biography. The American actress, singer and songwriter Selena Marie Gomez may be young, but that has done nothing to stop her from already enjoying considerable success in the entertainment industry – a career that has earned Gomez and estimated net worth of $60 million.
3970	Selena Gomez net worth is $18 million. Date of Birth: 22, July, 1992. Nationality: Hispanic. Religion: Roman Catholic. We know her as a singer and an actress. Her sweet oval face, full lips and long wavy hair helped Selena Gomez to create an image of a good girl. That’s why her fans were shocked when she started dating to “a bad boy” Justin Bieber.
3971	Selena Gomez. Selena Gomez Net Worth is $4 Million. Selena Gomez is an actress, singer and songwriter with a net worth of $4 million. Selena Gomez has accumulated her net worth through her singing/songwriting career as well as her role on Wizards of Waverly Place. Selena Marie Gomez (born July...
3972	Selena Gomez Net Worth from 2008 to 2016 Selena Gomez info is searched over the net by millions of fans. She is considered as one of the most fast-rising stars of her generation.
3973	Selena Gomez Net Worth is $4 Million. 1  Selena Gomez is an actress, singer and songwriter with a net worth of $4 million. Selena Gomez has accumulated her net worth through her singing/songwriting career as well as her role on Wizards of Waverly Place Selena Marie Gomez is an American actress and singer best known for portraying Alex Russo in the Emmy Award-winning Disney Channel television series Wizards of Waverly Place.
3974	Selena Gomez Net Worth is $60 Million Selena Gomez Biography The American actress, singer and songwriter Selena Marie Gomez may be young, but that has done nothing to stop her from already enjoying considerable success in the entertainment industry – a career that has earned Gomez and estimated net worth of $60 million.
3975	In 2008 she created her own band “Selena Gomez & The Scene“, that soon released the debut album “Kiss & Tell”. The album was included into the list of 10 bestselling albums of the year. She works as a voice actress and gets approximately $300,000 per each of her voice work.
3976	Selena Gomez Net Worth $60 Million Born on 22 July 1992 in the city of Grand Prairie in Texas, USA, Selena Gomez did not have the easiest upbringing – indeed, the actress and singer has been quoted saying that she grew up to constant frustration about her parents’ divorce, and about her inability to do anything to help her mother provide for them.
3977	Selena Gomez House. Selena Gomez lives in a great house and is crazy from cars. LA House – $3, 5 million; Selena Gomez is just 23, but she can boast with a luxurious house in Los Angeles, California. The house has two storeys. Selena has five bathrooms and four bedrooms and a big living room. She likes to spend her free time in the yard of the house.
3978	The world's first international football match was a challenge match played in Glasgow in 1872 between Scotland and England, which ended in a 0–0 draw. The first international tournament, the inaugural edition of the British Home Championship, took place in 1884.
3979	February 12, 2009 - We are just a few weeks away from filming at the first of several MONOPOLY Championships around the world. On February 27, Kevin will be heading to Melbourne, Australia to film at the 2009 Australia MONOPOLY Championship on March 4, 2009.
3980	The first Monopoly tournaments were suggested by Victor Watson of Waddington after the World Chess Championship 1972. Such championships are also held for players of the board game Scrabble. The first European Championship was held in Reykjavik, Reykjavík, iceland the same site as the 1972 World Chess. championship
3981	March 7, 2011 - I've written a couple articles -- one about the history of MONOPOLY and one about Under the Boardwalk, both of which were published in the March 2011 issue of Boardwalk Journal, a monthly magazine serving Atlantic City, NJ and the surrounding cities. You can read the article via their archives.
3982	May 27, 2009 - Today, Jordan and I went to Stockley Park, the location of Hasbro's main UK office. We were able to sit in and film a design meeting where the Hasbro Monopoly team was hard at work planning details and logistics for new versions of the game that should be launching sometime next year.
3983	The 2002 FIFA World Cup, hosted jointly by South Korea and Japan, was the first one held in Asia, and the only tournament with multiple hosts. South Africa became the first African nation to host the World Cup in 2010.
3984	Matt truly was an ambassador to the game who understood all the ins and outs of playing the game as well as having the composure to represent the game of MONOPOLY to the world. May 16, 2008 - Tom Kochem and I commenced filming on Under the Boardwalk today.
3985	The first two World Cup matches took place simultaneously on 13 July 1930, and were won by France and USA, who defeated Mexico 4–1 and Belgium 3–0 respectively. The first goal in World Cup history was scored by Lucien Laurent of France.
3986	It was originally simply known as the World Cup or Coupe du Monde, but in 1946 it was renamed after the FIFA president Jules Rimet who set up the first tournament. In 1970, Brazil 's third victory in the tournament entitled them to keep the trophy permanently.
3987	The 2014 FIFA World Cup is hosted by Brazil, the first held in South America since Argentina 1978, and is the first occasion where consecutive World Cups are held outside Europe.
3988	What we don’t know is what Pangaea’s original configuration looked like as the Plate Tectonics’ version is incorrect. To resolve this a new Pangaea model was created by precisely reversing the Earth’s ocean basin growth patterns as dictated by data shown on the Age of Oceanic Lithosphere map above.
3989	About 200 million years ago, the supercontinent began to break up. Gondwana (what is now Africa, South America, Antarctica, India and Australia) first split from Laurasia (Eurasia and North America). Then about 150 million years ago, Gondwana broke up.
3990	German climatologist and geophysicist who, in 1915, published as expanded version of his 1912 book The Origin of Continents and Oceans. This work was one of the first to suggest continental drift and plate tectonics. He suggested that a supercontinent he called Pangaea had existed in the past, broke up starting 200 million years ago, and that the pieces drifted to their present positions.
3991	Plate Tectonics is the latest theory of how our planet came to be. This modern day theory is also incorrect. New objective research dating the Earth’s ocean basin formation and growth patterns (shown below) does not support Plate Tectonics’ version of Pangaea and its separation.
3992	The New Pangaea Theory Part One. 252 million years ago our planet was impacted by a massive comet, a comet far larger than the one that wiped out the dinosaurs. This previous impact was so powerful it fractured the Earth’s crust, began the breakup of Pangaea and wiped out most of the life on the planet.
3993	The explanation for Pangaea's formation ushered in the modern theory of plate tectonics, which posits that the Earth's outer shell is broken up into several plates that slide over Earth's rocky shell, the mantle.
3994	The New Pangaea Theory Part One. Introduction to the New Pangaea Theory. The scientific history concerning our planet is fraught with well-intentioned but incorrect ideas that were believed by both the lay persons and the experts of their time.
3995	Pangaea formed through a gradual process spanning a few hundred million years. Beginning about 480 million years ago, a continent called Laurentia, which includes parts of North America, merged with several other micro-continents to form Euramerica.
3996	Facts About Pangaea, Ancient Supercontinent. The breakup of the Pangaea supercontinent. About 300 million years ago, Earth didn't have seven continents, but instead one massive supercontinent called Pangaea, which was surrounded by a single ocean called Panthalassa.
3997	As he read, his earlier conjecture that the continents had once been joined became a conviction he would boldly champion for the rest of his life. Just a few months later, on January 6, 1912, Wegener startled a meeting of the Geological Association in Frankfurt with his radical theory.
3998	Meaning: Something said when a person is at a loss for words. History: There are two possible sources for this common saying. The first refers to the cat-o’-nine-tails – a whip used by the English Navy for flogging. The whip caused so much pain that the victims were left speechless.
3999	Meaning: Hang on to valuable things when getting rid of unnecessary things. Hisory: During the 1500s, most people bathed once a year. Even when they did bathe, the entire family used the same tubful of water. The man of the house bathed first, followed by other males, then females, and finally the babies.
4000	This isn't the origin, but it certainly popularized the phrase: Atom Ant is the smallest but mightiest defender of law and order. Headquartered in his secret lab beneath an ant hill, his cry of 'Up and at 'em, Atom Ant' sends evil-doers scrambling for cover! Comedian Howard Morris provided the voice for Atom.
4001	I think that you mean Up and at 'em. I believe this saying came from the great war of 1914, when the troops came up out of the trenches to advance on the enemy. The cry Up and at 'em boys would have given the troops encouragement.
4002	First, we know that Cain killed Abel when Adam was nearly one hundred and thirty years old. Support from this comes from the fact that Seth is born specifically to replace Abel, and that birth occurs when Adam was one hundred and thirty (Gen. 5:3).
4003	No actually that is what is mistaken for the phrase Up and at 'em. 3 people found this useful.
4004	Second, it appears that Abel and Cain were born soon after Adam's expulsion from the garden (Gen. 3:24; 4:1). So between the birth of the first two and the birth of Seth, we have over a hundred year time span. Surely that's plenty of time to party reproductively.
4005	: Your phrase suggests combat. It may be derived from Up, Guards, and at 'em!, about which Eric Partridge says the following in A Dictionary of Catch Phrases American and British: : A catchphrase of light-hearted or, at the least, nonchalant defiance . . . : late C19-20.
4006	Where did the human races come from? According to the Bible, all humans on Earth today are descended from Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives, and before that from Adam and Eve (Genesis 1-11). But today we have many different groups, often called “races,” with what seem to be greatly differing features.
4007	What is the origin of the phrase to get your Irish up?   There is a belief that the Irish people are renowned for their (bad) temper. People therefore sometimes refer to the Irish Temper. So, Don't get your Irish up. means… Don't lose your temper.
4008	Questions and Answers for Parties to Mediation: Mediation and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Notice Concerning The Americans With Disabilities Act Amendments Act Of 2008. The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Amendments Act of 2008 was signed into law on September 25, 2008 and becomes effective January 1, 2009.
4009	pending before the court to use its mediation services. You will be referred for mediation automatically if your case includes a motion to establish child custody, parenting time, or placement of a child and if the parents of the child are not married at the time of the filing. This is called a miscellaneous case, and the
4010	What is Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)? Alternative dispute resolution (ADR) refers to a variety of processes that help parties resolve disputes without a trial. Typical ADR processes include mediation, arbitration, neutral evaluation, and collaborative law. These processes are generally confidential, less formal, and less stressful than traditional court proceedings.
4011	Answer: In Providence/Bristol County cases, scheduled mediation sessions are held in. the Mediation Unit (Suite 3A) on the third floor of the Family Court in the J. Joseph Garrahy Judicial Complex in Providence.
4012	FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS FAMILY COURT MEDIATION PROGRAM Question: What is mediation? Answer: Mediation is a private, voluntary process in which parties meet with a neutral third party who will help them work through conflicts and come to an agreement on issues in their case. Success of the mediation depends on the participants’
4013	placement; preparing for mediation involving divorce; and preparing for mediation involving parenting time with your child. If you have any questions before your mediation, please contact the Family Court
4014	Answer: Mediation is a private, voluntary process in which parties meet with a neutral third. party who will help them work through conflicts and come to an agreement on. issues in their case. Success of the mediation depends on the participants’. willingness to work cooperatively to reach an agreement.
4015	When the Mediation Unit sees that service of process is complete and proof has been returned to the court, staff will schedule a mediation session. Notification of the mediation date will be sent to you, the other party, and any attorneys involved in the case. Mediation referrals are treated like court orders, so your attendance
4016	Mediation: a neutral person called a mediator helps the parties try to reach a mutually acceptable resolution of the dispute. The mediator does not decide the case, but helps the parties communicate so they can try to settle the dispute themselves.
4017	The New York State Unified Court System offers parties access to free or reduced-fee mediation and other ADR services in family law, general civil and commercial law disputes. These services are available in many courthouses and in the Community Dispute Resolution Centers located in almost all of New York State’s 62 counties.
4018	The reoxygenated blood then flows to the left side of the heart, and is pumped out again to all the systems and organs of the body. This major circulatory system is called the systemic circulation. The circulation of blood through the fetus bypasses the pulmonary circuit (see also fetal circulation).
4019	The term dressing refers to the material that is placed directly over the wound. The dressing absorbs some of the blood and helps a clot to form. The clot plugs the wound to stop the bleeding. The dressing also protects the wound from additional contamination and injury.
4020	The heart. and the blood vessels are the most important parts of the circulatory system. The heart is a central. organ in the circulatory system. With each beat it forces blood into the blood vessels which. transport or carry oxygen and nutrients to all of the tissues and organs (the arteries) of the body and.
4021	Thrombosis and blood clots. One of the more extreme circulation problems is called thrombosis. Lack of movement in certain areas can result in blood clots which can become serious. Blood clots are also known as thrombosis, from the Greek word from ‘thrombos’ meaning a clot. Exercise helps the circulation flowing and speeds it up.
4022	If blood continues to seep from the dressing after you have secured the dressing, applied manual pressure, and elevated the wound (if applicable), you should apply a pressure dressing. The objective of applying a pressure dressing is to stop the bleeding, not to stop all blood circulation below the wound.
4023	In normal circulation, the oxygenated blood leaves the left side of the heart through very large. arteries. It flows through smaller and smaller and even smaller arteries arterioles and capillaries. until it reaches the tissues and organs where the blood vessels are very small usually requiring a. microscope to see them.
4024	They stick to the walls in the area and each other, changing shape to form a plug that fills in the broken part to stop blood from leaking out. When activated, platelets also release chemicals to attract more platelets and other cells, and to set off the next step. 2. The clot grows.
4025	Arterial System. Blood pumped from the left side of the heart enters the aorta, the main arterial trunk of the systemic circulation. The aorta, which is about 1 inch in diameter, arches upward and toward the left side of the body. Just above the heart two coronary arteries branch off from the aorta.
4026	Blood clots are healthy and lifesaving when they stop bleeding. But they can also form when they aren't needed and cause a heart attack, stroke, or other serious medical problems. The life cycle of a normal blood clot depends on a series of chemical interactions. 1. Platelets form a plug.
4027	If the pressure dressing controls the bleeding, proceed to check the casualty for other injuries. Recheck the circulation below the pressure dressing periodically and monitor the casualty for shock (Lesson 8). If the wound continues to bleed, apply a tourniquet as described in the following paragraphs. 4-7.
4028	Safeopedia explains Noise Reduction Rating (NRR) Noise Reduction Rating is used to evaluate and determine the effictiveness or fit of noise protection equipment for a given work environment. NRR is specifically the measurement, in decibles, of how well hearing protection reduces noise as specified by the Environmental Protection Agency.
4029	NRR STANDS FOR NOISE REDUCTION RATING. NRR (noise reduction rating) is a single number rating method which describes a hearing protection device (HPD) based on how much the overall noise level is reduced by the HPD. Most noise measurements in the industry are derived from the A-weighting scale.
4030	One type of earplugs, for protection against water, dust etc. An earplug is a device that is meant to be inserted in the ear canal to protect the user's ears from loud noises or the intrusion of water, foreign bodies, dust or excessive wind. 1 Protection from water.
4031	Learn about the importance of Noise Reduction Ratings (NRR) in Hearing Protection. Workers have been using hearing protection devices (HPD) since the 1960's to protect themselves from high levels of noise. Approximately 30 million workers in the United States are occupationally exposed to hazardous noises each year.
4032	What do these rating numbers mean? Howard Leight® hearing protectors are packaged to be shipped throughout the world. While customers in the U.S. are familiar with the NRR labeling required by the EPA, they may be a bit confused with packaging that includes other rating numbers.
4033	Noise Reduction Rating (NRR) is the difference between the overall C-weighted sound level of a noise spectrum having equal energy per octave and the resulting A-weighted noise levels under a hearing protection device.
4034	Noise Reduction Rating – NRR. Hearing loss affects nearly one in ten Americans. This condition is usually caused by exposure to excessive noise. Shooting firearms is one of the activities that expose individuals to excessive noise. The noise levels that are produced when firearms are used can lead to permanent hearing loss. This makes it necessary to use hearing protection with good noise reduction rating.
4035	This means that if you are firing a rifle that produces 140 dB and the hearing protection that you have on has an NRR 33 dB, the level of noise exposure is not reduced to 103 dB. To determine how much noise exposure is reduce, deduct 7 from the NRR on the device and divide the result by two.
4036	The following summary explains the rating numbers seen on Howard Leight® packaging: NRR [Noise Reduction Rating] – This rating is used in the United States, and is accepted for use in a variety of other countries. The current range of NRRs available in the U.S. market extends from 0 to 33 decibels.
4037	This is the question most frequently asked when a distributor or end user is looking for technical information on hearing protectors. NRR: The NRR (noise reduction rating) is a method which attempts to describe a hearing protector based on how much the overall noise level is reduced by the hearing protector.
4038	Examples include press releases, newsletters, public appearances, etc. as well as utilisation of the world wide web. PR and the World of Business The world of business is characterised by fierce competition and in order to win new customers and retain the existing ones, the firms have to distinguish themselves from the competition.
4039	Account Executive - Big Sky Public Relations, LLC - Kalispell, MT Job Title: Account Executive Reports To: Principal Summary: Responsible for managing all aspects of account work within their dedicated practice as well as […]
4040	Find a variety of PR and communications resources such as articles, publications, and much more! Find Resources
4041	PRSA Jobcenter puts more than 2,000 public relations, communications and marketing jobs within easy reach.
4042	Join PRSA Today! Get more than 90 FREE Public Relations and Communication Webinars With Membership. Broaden your skill set with access to an extensive library of live and on-demand professional development webinars — one of PRSA’s premier member benefits.
4043	Accreditation in Public Relations (APR) MBA Program. Course Resources; Application Process; Contact the MBA Program; Resource Library. Find-A-Tool. Find-A-Job; Find-A-Firm; Find-A-University; Find-A-Mentor; Find-An-RFP; PRSA Membership App; Issue and Crisis Management; Leadership Management; Case Studies; Internal Communications; Digital/Social; Measurement; Writing
4044	Build relationships with more than 21,000 of the nation’s leading public relations and communication professionals! Learn How
4045	So what is Public Relations? Is it managing your image? Is it spin? Is it blasting news releases? That's not how we see it. To us, it's about your story. And the chance to tell it. It's about relationships with real people. Your customers. Who today, will embrace your story. If it's made for them. It's also about clicks. And tweets. And views and likes.
4046	A brief introduction to PR including tools and techniques used to create and maintain a positive publicity and the skills needed to become a PR specialist. IPR.org.uk - Public Relations
4047	What is Public Relations (PR) Public relations (PR) is the way organisations, companies and individuals communicate with the public and media. A PR specialist communicates with the target audience directly or indirectly through media with an aim to create and maintain a positive image and create a strong relationship with the audience.
4048	If you have another keyless entry remote to program unlock the door with the drivers side power lock and then lock them again. Press any button on the next remote. Turn the key back to the original position and remove the key. The remotes should now be programmed.
4049	If you have another keyless entry remote to program unlock the door with the drivers side power lock and then lock them again. Press any button on the next remote. Turn the key back to the original position and remove the key.
4050	The remote should now be programmed. If you have another keyless entry remote to program unlock the door with the drivers side power lock and then lock them again. Press any button on the next remote. Turn the key back to the original position and remove the key.
4051	turn key to on posistion push any button on the first remote keyless fob. if the car saw the signal the turnsignals will flash twice to program the next keyless fob unlock the door and relock the door and push button on second remote. Up to five remotes can be introduced to the car.
4052	Insert the key back into the ignition and turn it to ACC. Push any button on your keyless entry FOB remote ONCE. This should be done within 5 seconds of turning the key to ACC. You should notice your hazards flash again. If you have another remote to program proceed to step 5, otherwise turn the key off and remove it.
4053	Turn key to the on position and then to the off position 7 times, then immediately back to the on position within 10 seconds. you should hear the doors lock & unlock at this p … oint. Now hit the remote unlock button twice and the remote lock button twice.
4054	first, get in the car and press the lock button on the driver door. second, put the key in and out of the key ignition (about 7 times) until you see the hazard light flashing, then turn the key to 1 position and press the lock button on the remote within 1 second. Answer This Question.
4055	first, get in the car and press the lock button on the driver door. second, put the key in and out of the key ignition (about 7 times) until you see the hazard light flashing, then turn the key to 1 position and press the lock button on the remote within 1 second.
4056	second, put the key in and out of the key ignition (about 7 times) until you see the hazard light flashing, then turn the key to 1 position and press the lock button on the remote within 1 second. Answer This Question. Other Questions Needing Answers.
4057	Edit Answer (for another -33 minute). first, get in the car and press the lock button on the driver door. second, put the key in and out of the key ignition (about 7 times) until you see the hazard light flashing, then turn the key to 1 position and press the lock button on the remote within 1 second.
4058	Psychology definition for Anchoring Heuristic in normal everyday language, edited by psychologists, professors and leading students. Help us get better.
4059	Anchoring Heuristic. The Anchoring Heuristic, also know as focalism, refers to the human tendency to accept and rely on, the first piece of information received before making a decision. That first piece of information is the anchor and sets the tone for everything that follows.
4060	A heuristic technique, often called simply a heuristic, is any approach to problem solving, learning, or discovery that employs a practical method not guaranteed to be optimal or perfect, but sufficient for the immediate goals. Where finding an optimal solution is impossible or impractical, heuristic methods can be used to speed up the process of finding a satisfactory solution. Heuristics can be mental shortcuts that ease the cognitive load of making a decision. Examples of this method include
4061	The study of heuristics in human decision-making was developed in the 1970s and 80s by Israeli psychologists Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman, although the concept was originally introduced by Nobel laureate Herbert A. Simon.
4062	(Redirected from Hueristic) A heuristic technique (/hjuːˈrɪstɪk/; Ancient Greek: εὑρίσκω, find or discover), often called simply a heuristic, is any approach to problem solving, learning, or discovery that employs a practical method not guaranteed to be optimal or perfect, but sufficient for the immediate goals.
4063	A heuristic technique (/ h j ʊəˈr ɪ s t ɪ k /; Ancient Greek: εὑρίσκω, find or discover), often called simply a heuristic, is any approach to problem solving, learning, or discovery that employs a practical method not guaranteed to be optimal or perfect, but sufficient for the immediate goals.
4064	3 Examples of The Anchoring Rule in Marketing. In 1974 cognitive psychologists Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky identified what is known as the “anchoring heuristic.” A heuristic is essentially a mental shortcut or rule of thumb the brain uses to simplify complex problems in order to make decisions (also known as a cognitive bias). The anchoring rule of thumb describes the common human tendency to rely too heavily on the first piece of information offered (the “anchor”) when making decisions. Once the anchor is set, decisions are then made by adjusting around the initial anchor number, regardless of the legitimacy of the actual anchor number.
4065	Gerd Gigerenzer focused on the fast and frugal properties of heuristics, i.e., using heuristics in a way that is principally accurate and thus eliminating most cognitive bias. Heuristics – like the recognition heuristic or the take-the-best heuristic – are viewed as special tools that tackle specific tasks (e.g., binary choice) under conditions of uncertainty and are organized in an adaptive toolbox.
4066	Anchoring Heuristic The Anchoring Heuristic, also know as focalism, refers to the human tendency to accept and rely on, the first piece of information received before making a decision. That first piece of information is the anchor and sets the tone for everything that follows. For example, a car dealer might suggest a price for a car and the customer will try to negotiate down from that price, even if the price suggested is more than the Blue Book Value.
4067	Anchoring or focalism is a cognitive bias that describes the common human tendency to rely too heavily on the first piece of information offered (the anchor) when making decisions. During decision making, anchoring occurs when individuals use an initial piece of information to make subsequent judgments. Once an anchor is set, other judgments are made by adjusting away from that anchor, and there is a bias toward interpreting other information around the anchor.
4068	Grand Rapids metropolitan area. The Grand Rapids metropolitan area is a triangular shaped Metro Triplex, in West Michigan, which fans out westward from the primary hub city of Grand Rapids, Michigan to the other two metro hubs of Muskegon and Holland. As of 2015, the metropolitan area has an estimated population of 1,038,583.
4069	Grand Rapids. Grand Rapids, MI. Grand Rapids, Michigan, is far more than just a pretty place to visit in the Midwest. It is the state’s second-largest city after Detroit, and the hometown of Gerald Ford, 38th president of the U.S. Places Rated Almanac ranked Grand Rapids third in its list of places to go for fun and recreation.
4070	The Grand Rapids metropolitan area is a triangular shaped Metro Triplex, in West Michigan, which fans out westward from the primary hub city of Grand Rapids, Michigan to the other two metro hubs of Muskegon and Holland. The metropolitan area has an estimated population of 1,047,099 as of 2016. The region, noted in particular for its western edge abutting the Lake Michigan shoreline and its beaches, is a popular tourist and vacation destination during the summer. Noted popular metro area beach to
4071	Grand Rapids metropolitan area - Definitions. 1  The Grand Rapids-Wyoming Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of four counties in western Michigan, anchored by the cities of Grand Rapids and Wyoming.
4072	Population Demographics for Grand Rapids, Michigan in 2016 and 2017. Other Counties and Cities in Michigan.
4073	The Grand Rapids – Muskegon – Holland Combined Statistical Area is the 2nd largest CSA in the U.S. state of Michigan (behind Metro Detroit). The CSA had a population of 1,379,237 at the 2010 census.
4074	Current Grand Rapids, Michigan Population, Demographics and stats in 2016, 2017. Learn more by clicking the Google or Facebook button below.
4075	Total occupied homes in Grand Rapids with people under 18 years old: Total: 72,126; Population of homes with one or more people under 18 years: 22,447; Population of family homes: 22,189; Husband-wife family: 11,795; Under 6 years only: 3,574; Under 6 years and 6 to 17 years: 3,162; 6 to 17 years only: 5,059; Other family: 10,394; Male householder, no wife present: 2,017
4076	Grand Rapids is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The city is located on the Grand River about 40 miles east of Lake Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 188,040. In 2010, the Grand Rapids metropolitan area had a population of 774,160 and a combined statistical area, Grand Rapids-Muskegon-Holland, population of 1,321,557. It is the county seat of Kent County, Michigan, second largest city in Michigan (after Detroit), and the largest city in West Michigan.
4077	How popular is Lucy? Lucy is a very prominent first name for females (#208 out of 4276, Top 5%) and also a very prominent surname for all people (#9902 out of 150436, Top 7%). (2000 U.S. DEMOGRAPHICS)
4078	What does Lucy mean? L ucy as a girls' name is pronounced LOO-see. It is of Latin origin, and the meaning of Lucy is light. Feminine of Lucius; vernacular form of Lucia. The feast day of Saint Lucy (fourth century), patroness of sight, is called the Festival of Light in Sweden.
4079	What is Lucy? Lucy is a feature of MyChartCentral that allows you to view, enter, and manage your personal health information. With Lucy, you can enter information about your health that you can send to your healthcare providers. You can also request copies of your medical record and review them. You can even upload medical documents.
4080	Lucy says no, she’s fine, and then proceeds to go on a stream-of-consciousness soliloquy about all the things she can now, thanks to her enhanced cerebral capacity, remember with perfect accuracy—every kiss mom ever gave her, a cat they had when she was one-year-old, etc.
4081	16. While the doctors are operating on Lucy, she calls her mother back in the States. The first thing mom asks is whether Lucy is partying too much, which suggests (along with other hints along the way) that she may have had lifestyle-related issues in the past.
4082	The term Lucy comes from the song by the Beatles Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds which is commonly thought to be about LSD. Lucy is often used as a code word for LSD when referring to the drug in a public setting or over the phone where one does not want to openly discuss illegal activities. Lucy is used like a person's name in such discussions. Like saying Lucy took me on a trip last night to indicate you tripped on LSD the previous night. I tripped balls with Lucy last weekend!
4083	Lucy: The Dumbest Movie Ever Made About Brain Capacity. An extended spoilereview of Luc Besson's worst film to date. As the brain capacity of Scarlett Johansson's character Lucy rises, all semblance of logic plummets.
4084	Lucy [lucy]▲ as a girls' name is pronounced LOO-see. It is of Latin origin, and the meaning of Lucy is light. Feminine of Lucius; vernacular form of Lucia. The feast day of Saint Lucy (fourth century), patroness of sight, is called the Festival of Light in Sweden. Lucy is also a bossy little girl in Charles Schulz's popular Peanuts comic strip. Actress Lucy Liu.
4085	How popular is Lucy? Lucy is a very prominent first name for females (#208 out of 4276, Top 5%) and also a very prominent surname for all people (#9902 out of 150436, Top 7%). (2000 u.s. demographics) Lucy was first listed in 1880-1889 and reached its top rank of #49 in the U.S. then, and is presently at #55.
4086	Epic is a healthcare software company that provides an electronic health record system to your healthcare providers. We also power your access to that information through MyChart, MyChartCentral, and Lucy. What is MyChart? MyChart is a web portal offered by most Epic healthcare organizations that gives you controlled access to the same Epic medical records your doctors use and provides convenient self-service functions that reduce costs and increase satisfaction.
4087	List of Major League Baseball longest losing streaks. This is a list of the longest team losing streaks in Major League Baseball history. Streaks started at the end of one season are carried over into the following season. Two lists are provided—one with streaks that consist entirely of regular-season games and one with streaks of playoff games only.
4088	5 Contributions. The longest winning streak in NHL history is held by the 1992-1993 Pittsburgh Penguins at 17 games to end the season (though, their last game was a 6-6 tie which would have be…en win number 18).
4089	Twins try to match longest winning streak of season. (SportsNetwork.com) - The Minnesota Twins try to match their longest winning streak of the season this evening as they entertain the Seattle Mariners in the second of a three-game series at Target Field.
4090	Prior to moving to Minnesota in 1961, the Washington Senators' set the franchise winning streak at 17, from May 30-June 18, 1912.
4091	Sports Network. (SportsNetwork.com) - The Minnesota Twins try to match their longest winning streak of the season this evening as they entertain the Seattle Mariners in the second of a three-game series at Target Field.
4092	What was the longest NHL Winning streak? The longest winning streak in NHL history is held by the 1992-1993 Pittsburgh Penguins at 17 games to end the season (though, their last game was a 6-6 tie which would have be…en win number 18).
4093	Every MLB Team's Longest Winning Streak Ever. 0 of 30. MLB superstars can carry their flawed teams for considerable stretches of the summer. Winning streaks—the longest ones, at least—are different phenomena. Many players must simultaneously overachieve. All 30 franchises have enjoyed temporary invincibility during a past regular season. Some for days, others for weeks, and yes, one club did for an entire month.
4094	Longest losing streaks in Twins history. The Twins are three losses short of matching the longest losing streak in team history: August 29, 2016 — 10:43pm.
4095	Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. 1  Keep it civil and stay on topic. 2  No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. 3  Comments with web links are not permitted.  Comments that violate the above will be removed.
4096	The 1889 Louisville Colonels hold the record for the longest losing streak in official MLB history at 26 games, though the 1875 Brooklyn Atlantics lost 31 consecutive games in the National Association, a number that is not considered official by MLB.
4097	The Pokemon Swinub evolves into Piloswine at level 33. Swinub is an Ice/Ground type Pokemon, which was introduced in Generation 2.
4098	Piloswine doesn't evolve at a certain level, but will evolve when you teach it the move Ancient Power and then level it up.
4099	Level it up with Ancient Power learned You can evolve your Piloswine into Mamoswine by using the Move Tutor in Blackthorn City. Be sure to teach your Piloswine AncientPower. T…hen, level it up 1 level and it will evolve Swinub evolves at 33, Poliswine evolves by teaching it Ancient Power Hope this helps :)
4100	The ranges shown on the right are for a level 100 Pokémon. Maximum values are based on a beneficial nature, 252 EVs, 31 IVs; minimum values are based on a hindering nature, 0 EVs, 0 IVs. Type defenses The effectiveness of each type on Piloswine. Oblivious ability. Snow Cloak ability.
4101	Piloswine evolves into a Mamoswine when you level it up while it knows the move Ancient Power. You have to go to the Move Relearner in Pastoria City. Give him a Heart Scale, and he'll teach your Piloswine Ancient Power. After your Piloswine learns it, level it up at least once, and it will evolve into a Mamoswine. User Info: FrozenTime. FrozenTime (Expert) - 7 years ago 2 0.
4102	Piloswine is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. Although its legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground. This Pokémon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
4103	Confidence votes 242. Piloswine must level up with the move ancient power, which must be taught by the move relearner for a heart scale.
4104	POKéMON EVOLUTION - BLUE, RED & YELLOW GAMES. See also: Pokémon Evolution - Gold + Silver and the evolution details shown in the ten Pokédexes linked below. The new Platinum Pokédex has now gone up on line - 17th May 2009 - 12.00 midday. RED/BLUE/YELLOW POKéDEX.
4105	Piloswine does not learn Ancient Power at a specific level - you must find the Move relearner and give him a Heart Scale. In Heart Gold and Soul Silver, the Move relearner is… in Blackthorn City. If you don't have any Heart Scales, you can sometimes find them by using Rock Smash to destroy rocks.
4106	Scottish Banknotes. Although the pound sterling is the official currency of Scotland, three of the Scottish retail banks - - Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland and Clydesdale Bank – - issue their own banknotes. Bank of England notes are also frequently used. This means that a visitor to Scotland is faced with what initially at least may seem like a bewildering variety of notes: four in each of the common denominations of 5, 10, 20 and 50 pounds.
4107	Thus you should insist on being billed in Pounds Sterling or Euros when purchasing goods, not in Dollars (when the trader uses his own exchange rate). Credit card skimming is on the decline, but still a risk. In Northern Ireland, only credit cards using the  chip and PIN  system are accepted in shops.
4108	Northern Ireland-Pounds and Pennies. One Pound Sterling (£) has 100 Pence (p) and coins are available in denominations of 1 p, 2 p (all copper), 5 p, 10 p, 20 p, 50 p (all silver), £ 1 (golden) and £ 2 (silver with gold). 50 c and £ 1 coins can have commemorative or local designs on the reverse.
4109	It is also one with the greatest number of devolved functions, has its own parliament, legal and education systems. The official currency in Scotland is, however, the same as in the whole of the U.K.: the British pound sterling, consisting of 100 pence.
4110	While cash is the most immediate form of payment and accepted everywhere (in fact preferred in a number of cases), credit cards and traveller's checks can be an alternative. But there are pitfalls.
4111	The exchange rate of the pound sterling to the U.S. dollar varies, but between 2009 and 2013, the official exchange rate stayed somewhere in the region of 60-to-70 pence per U.S. dollar.
4112	Grosvenor Street, Edinburgh, Scotland. This Edwardian terraced style hotel is in the heart of the city of Edinburgh, making it easy for you to enjoy the city's many charms. It is within a short walk of Princes Street and Edinburgh Castle, where the world's greatest arts festival is held.Amenities...
4113	Edinburgh-Currency. The UK currency is the pound sterling (£), with 100 pence (p) to a pound. 'Quid' is a slang term for pound. Several Scottish banks issue their own bank notes which can be used in the north of England and in Northern Ireland, but may be refused elsewhere. UK banks will accept them but foreign banks generally do not.
4114	Republic of Ireland-Euro and Cents. One Euro (€) has 100 Cent (c) and coins are available in denominations of 1 c, 2 c, 5 c (all copper), 10 c, 20 c, 50 c (all golden), € 1 and € 2 (silver with gold). While the design of the side bearing the numerals is standardized throughout the Eurozone the reverse is of local design, Irish Euros bearing a harp.
4115	It is advisable to exchange some cash before arriving in Edinburgh. Visit the other Edinburgh city guide sections to get more detailed travel advice, and information on the best Edinburgh attractions and sightseeing activities, recommended shops and restaurants, as well as the best Edinburgh hotels.
4116	“A great measure of the real value of the things we have is how we feel when such things become scarce and absent in our lives”. ― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone. tags: absence, inspirational-quotes, life-lessons, lonliness, love-quotes, motivational-quotes.
4117	“Sometimes in life, we may have to experience solitude, the baseless accusations of people, the betrayal and misunderstanding of trusted and loyal ones, the great judgments and suggestions of ‘they that know better’, and a moment of a state of double mindedness.
4118	When you live in comfort, ponder. When you live in pain, take lessons. When life goes up, plant your feet and appreciate the height. When life goes down, envision the height and dare to get there with tenacity.
4119	Suban Ne Nimdee (Character and Integrity) Prempeh College is an all-boys boarding school in a suburb of Kumasi (the Ashanti regional capital), Ashanti, founded in 1949 by Asantehene Sir Osei Tutu Agyeman Prempeh II. Prempeh College was originally meant to cater to the educational needs of Kumasi Metropolis and Ashanti.
4120	It is the first all-boys secondary school in Ashanti. Prempeh College is a reputed Grade A school with other secondary schools including Mfantsipim School, Wesley Girls' High School and Presbyterian Boys' Secondary School. The school is modelled on Eton College in England.
4121	“The more deeper you think, the more silent you become. You understand the reasons behind the reason. It may not necessarily mean you are short of words. You however know what ignorance can trigger and how to deal with ignorance and purpose.
4122	He is the author of the must read 'distinctive footprints of life', 'the untapped wonderer in you'. He attended the Presbyterian College of Education, Akropong -Akuapim-Ghana and the University of Education, Winneba- Ghana.
4123	Ernest Agyemang Yeboah. Ernest Agyemang Yeboah is a Ghanaian born writer. His books depict the essence, reasons and realities of life. His mind empowering books written with a great sense of originality is for all persons of life.He is currently a teacher in Accra - Ghana,Writer and a CA student .
4124	The magazine of Prempeh College has long been called The Stool. It is a 100-page document which gives annual reports of the school. With a patron, an editorial board and the SRC, they deliver to the student body the all-formidable magazine.
4125	“If you meet the darkest moment of life, strive valiantly through it with courage and never retreat, for you shall surely meet light afterwards. If you meet the muddy stream of life, swim across it with tenacity to the very end for there is a clearer stream that shall wash your dirt away afterwards.
4126	Staghorn Fern Care: How To Water, Grow and Care for Mounted Staghorn Ferns January 27 2015 152 Comments. It’s a fact: staghorn ferns are stunning. Mounted on a board, wrapped in vintage burlap, and hung a wall, these plants are truly works of living art.
4127	Here are a few pointers about their care: 1  Most ferns like an evenly moist soil with regular waterings. 2  Bushy ferns can be difficult to water. 3  Bathrooms and kitchens are good environments for ferns because of all the running water.  Help maintain moisture levels by using double containers for your ferns.
4128	Tip: It's actually a good idea to repot a large fern, especially if it is pot bound, unless you want to water all the time. The correct soil mix is essential to the health of the plant, too. To make a potting mixture suitable for Boston ferns, combine equal parts of peat moss, sand, and garden soil.
4129	Most ferns like an evenly moist soil with regular waterings. Allowing the soil to dry out between waterings stresses these plants. Bushy ferns can be difficult to water. Try using a watering can with a long spout to direct the water to the center of the plant. Water generously, until it drains out of the bottom of the pot. Bathrooms and kitchens are good environments for ferns because of all the running water.
4130	What it needs: Place it in bright, indirect light or partial shade and well-drained soil. Feed once a month with a water-soluble fertilizer such as 20-20-20. Key to success: Display ‘Tiger’ fern in a location where it won’t get too hot, such as in the cool shade of a deep porch. Good drainage is critical as well.
4131	A good rule of thumb is to water once per week in dry, hot times of year, and once every two to three weeks during cooler months. Start with this schedule, and adjust as necessary depending on your space. Staghorn ferns absorb water through their fronds, as well as their roots.
4132	During the hot months of summer, an indoor Boston fern on a table or stand can be placed on a saucer filled with stones and water. As the water evaporates, humidity is naturally provided to the plant. Simply fill a plant saucer with gravel, and then add water, stopping just below the top of the gravel.
4133	Although the fern isn’t difficult to grow, it tends to shed its leaves if it doesn’t receive plenty of bright light. Watering a Boston fern isn’t rocket science, but understanding how much and how often to water Boston ferns requires a bit of practice and careful attention. Too much or too little water are both detrimental to the plant. Let’s learn more about Boston fern irrigation.
4134	Watering and Feeding. In warmer months during the growing season, provide your Boston fern with enough tepid water to keep the soil evenly moist, but not saturated. Water it more frequently during the hottest months of summer, and try not to let the soil become dry before watering.
4135	Water only when soil is just dry to the touch. 1  If leaves turn yellow and soil is wet 1 to 2 inches beneath the surface, you are watering too much. 2  Ferns love humidity and appreciate an occasional misting. 3  Never fertilize a fern―or any plant―that is too dry; it can burn the roots.
4136	A: A high absolute neutrophil count may indicate inflammation, infection, stress, reaction to medication or the presence of cancer, according to HealthTap contributor Dr. Reid Blackwelder. In most instances, levels above 8,000 per cubic millimeter are considered abnormally high, though this varies on the age and health of the patient.
4137	Monocytes: 2% to 8%. Eosinophils: 1% to 4%. Basophils: 0.5% to 1%. Band: 0% to 3%. Elevated Total leukocytic count can occur in different condition like infections (bacterial, viral or fungal), systemic disease (e.g.inflamtory bowel diseases and vasculitis), physical stress, cancer especially hematologic malignancies.
4138	Transient elevation of the white blood cells is not warning but should be properly approached. Serial CBC follow up is essential. On the other hand, persistent elevation in the white blood cell count should be investigated properly to exclude both chronic systemic inflammatory conditions and malignancy.
4139	What are some facts about high neutrophil blood count? A: A high neutrophil blood count can mean the patient has an infection or is suffering from great stress, according to MedlinePlus. Other interpretations of a...
4140	The most common of the white blood cells, neutrophils account for 50 to 70 percent of the leukocytes and are one of the first immune cells to arrive at the site of inflamed or injured areas. Arthritis, rheumatic fever, thyroiditis, acute kidney failure and eclampsia are listed as additional causes of high neutrophil counts by Med-Health.
4141	I have recently changed dr's looking for someone not so eager to pass out pills for anxiety. My dr. looked at some old blood tests I took to him and ordered a repeat. My CBC came back with high WBC of 14.1, high neutrophils of 9.6 and high leukocytes of 3.57. The issue is I looked at some of my lab results since 2005 and everyone I seen shown a combination of 2 or 3 of these high on them all.
4142	A: A high white blood cell count indicates an underlying problem, such as an infection or reaction to a medication. High white blood cell counts must be evalu... Full Answer >
4143	Quick Answer. A high absolute neutrophil count may indicate inflammation, infection, stress, reaction to medication or the presence of cancer, according to HealthTap contributor Dr. Reid Blackwelder. In most instances, levels above 8,000 per cubic millimeter are considered abnormally high, though this varies on the age and health of the patient.
4144	High white blood count could be caused by an infection, inflammation, allergies, asthma, leukemia, severe stress, or tissue death. High absolute neutrophilis could be caused by an acute bacterial infection, inflammation, stress, inflammation, and certain leukemia's. High red cell distribution width could be caused by mixed rbc's. High white blood count could be caused by an infection, inflammation, allergies, asthma, leukemia, severe stress, or tissue death.
4145	Smoking is well documented to increase the white cell count especially neutrophils. Although a higher than 11,000 white cells/mcl of blood is considered high, in leukemias the white blood cell counts can reach 100,000. An elevated ESR, LDH or CRP would be helpful and would make inflammatory changes more likely although not conclusive.
4146	He didn't ejaculate and he hadn't within the previous two days. Now, I am two days late and I am feeling bloated, and irritable, no other symptoms really. Usually, I vary a couple of days from when I think my period will come, but for some reason I tend to freak out when I any days late from the previous month.
4147	Seasonique is an extended regimen pill that offers the convenience of only 4 periods a year. A woman's body is used to having 13 periods a year but when you are on the pill you can skip your period b/c it is only withdrawal bleeding caused by removing the hormones and taking a placebo pill(usually for 7 days).
4148	Seasonique and LoSeasonique work just like any traditional birth control pill. The biggest difference is that these are extended cycle pills, so each pill packs come with a 3 month supply of pills. You take one pill every day for 3 months.
4149	My period is going on four days late. My last period was on 8/8/08 my periods are pretty normal. I took two pregnancy test and they came out negative, I'm really worried that I could be pregnant. I had cramps and breast sourness all last week and now its gone.
4150	Women typically begin getting their periods anywhere from age 10 to 15. During the first two years after starting your period, your hormones may still be adjusting. This can cause late or missed periods. Menopause generally begins between ages 45 to 55. As your body goes through the transition, your normal cycle can become irregular.
4151	27 out of 28 found this helpful. In both of my pregnancies, I took tests 1 - 2 days after my missed periods which both turned out negative. I waited about 3 more days both times and then each turned out positive. I guess it just depends on your hormones... by now, you should be fine trying another test. When in doubt, see your doctor.
4152	I am on my 2nd week of Seasonique--and began it because I had some terrible PMS symptoms for the past 3 months. I also get migraines, and in that 3 month period, I was getting tons of migraines during the 14 day (or so) time frame before my period was due to start.
4153	have Missed my period for 2 weeks, i feel nauseated in the morning , i have pain at my lower back ,also i have new pain under my abdomen , i had slight spotting before i Missed my period ,i start to urinate alot lately , i feel lazy alot . i made home test at Saturday and it was negative . now my period late 2 weeks ..
4154	I've been on Seasonique for 6 weeks and after the first 25 days, my period started (within three days of when it normally would have) and it hasn't stopped, but the bleeding became very, very light after 5 days of the normal heavy bleeding, but cramping was much, much less than what I normally experienced.
4155	Most women usually have a period every 28 days between starting their period and menopause. However, a healthy menstrual cycle can range from every 21 to 35 days. If your period doesn’t fall within these ranges, it could be because of one of these reasons.
4156	If the faucet still leaks after tightening the packing nut, the washer on the end of the valve stem needs to be replaced. 1  Turn the water off at the water meter using a cut-off key. 2  Unscrew the packing nut beneath the handle of the faucet.  Grasp the faucet handle, and pull the valve stem out of the hose bibb.
4157	Leaks in outdoor faucets usually occur in two places – the handle and the spout. Handle - Try tightening the packing nut with a wrench. If that fails to stop the leak, you’ll have to remove the faucet’s valve stem assembly. See steps below.
4158	1 If that fails, replace the packing. 2  If the faucet leaks from the spout, either a washer is defective or a valve seat is badly corroded.  To find out which side needs work, turn off the shutoff valves one at a time; the leak will stop when one or the other is turned off.
4159	Leaking Compression Faucets. If your faucet has separate hot and cold water handles, it's probably a compression faucet (also called a stem or washer faucet). In this faucet, a rubber seat washer is secured to the stem, which has very coarse threads on the outside.
4160	When you turn the handle to shut off the faucet, the stem is screwed down, compressing the washer against the valve seat in the faucet body. The stem is secured by a packing nut, which compresses the packing (twine, a washer, or an O-ring) and prevents water from leaking around the stem. 1  If water leaks around the handle, tighten the packing nut.  If the faucet leaks from the spout, either a washer is defective or a valve seat is badly corroded.
4161	Leaks in outdoor faucets usually occur in two places – the handle and the spout. 1  Handle - Try tightening the packing nut with a wrench.  Spout - You’ll have to remove the valve stem assembly from your faucet to fix a leak coming from the spout.
4162	If the faucet still leaks after tightening the packing nut, the washer on the end of the valve stem needs to be replaced. Here’s how to go about it: 1  Turn the water off at the water meter using a cut-off key.  Unscrew the packing nut beneath the handle of the faucet.
4163	1 Turn on the faucet to drain the water from the faucet. 2  Remove the handle by unscrewing the screw that holds it in place.  Behind the handle, you’ll find a packing nut. Turning counter-clockwise, use a wrench to undo the packing nut and slide out the valve assembly.
4164	1 Turn on the faucet to drain the water from the faucet. 2  Remove the handle by unscrewing the screw that holds it in place. 3  Behind the handle, you’ll find a packing nut. Turning counter-clockwise, use a wrench to undo the packing nut and slide out the valve assembly.  Use a wrench to loosen the nut and take out the washer.
4165	1 If the faucet leaks from the spout, either a washer is defective or a valve seat is badly corroded.  To find out which side needs work, turn off the shutoff valves one at a time; the leak will stop when one or the other is turned off.
4166	5.3 Supported by Off-Site Lab Analysis—The particular five-part integrated tester is normally used in conjunction with an off-site laboratory when exploring the particular nature of an alarming oil sample. An off-site laboratory should be consulted for appropriate additional tests.
4167	Using the Patch Test Method, a user can reliably assign a. three-digit cleanliness code to any given sample based on. photomicrograph comparisons of known samples. These. known samples are the results of. particle counts achieved by. standards as set forth in. ISO 4406-1999.
4168	This booklet is designed to be a quick and easy reference guide to be used along with our Portable. Fluid Analysis Kit. Using the Patch Test Method, a user can reliably assign a three-digit cleanliness. code to any given sample based on photomicrograph comparisons of known samples. These known. samples are the results of particle counts achieved by standards as set forth in ISO 4406-1999.
4169	ISO Cleanliness Code 4406:1999. 1  The International Organization for Standardization created the cleanliness code 4406:1999 to quantify particulate contamination levels per milliliter of fluid at three sizes: 4µ[c], 6µ[c], and 14µ[c]. This ISO code is expressed in 3 numbers: 19/17/14.
4170	UNDERSTANDING ISO CODES. Understanding ISO Codes - The ISO cleanliness code (per ISO4406-1999) is used to quantify particulate. contamination levels per milliliter of fluid at 3 sizes 4m[c], 6m[c] and 14m[c]. The ISO code is expressed in 3 numbers. (example: 19/17/14).
4171	Tags: oil analysis, particle counting. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) has developed a cleanliness code that is the primary piece of data reviewed on most industrial oil analysis reports. The value of this code can help determine the overall cleanliness of the monitored system.
4172	The Lab # is assigned to the sample when it is processed in the lab and. should be the reference number used when contacting the lab for questions. or concerns. Qrts. is an abbreviation for the quarts of make‐up oil added. The Hours/Miles is an indicator of how many hours or miles the oil being. sampled has run for.
4173	ISO 4406 Cleanliness Codes. The International Organization for Standardization created the cleanliness code 4406:1999 to quantify particulate contamination levels per milliliter of fluid at three sizes: 4µ[c], 6µ[c], and 14µ[c]. This ISO code is expressed in 3 numbers: 19/17/14.
4174	Significance and Use. 1  5.1 In-plant Oil Analysis—The particular five-part integrated tester practice is primarily used by plant maintenance personnel desiring to perform on-site analysis of as-received and in-service lubricating oils.
4175	Lab#: 238719 0 20000 214337 03/06/01 03/05/01. Unit ID is a way for the customer to uniquely identify the units being tested and their location. It is important to be. consistent when identifying the unit, as the history of sampling will be linked to that particular unit name.
4176	It is possible to change the name by visiting Live.com and editing your profile, but this means having to navigate through various sections of the website. To get there faster, hit the Windows key to bring up the Start screen and click the up arrow if you have enabled Apps view in Windows 8.1.
4177	Change the email address on your account. If you aren’t using Gmail with your Google Account, follow these steps to change the email address on your account: Sign in to My Account. In the “Personal info & privacy” section, select Your personal info. Click Email Google account email. Enter your new email address.
4178	To ask the court to change your name, follow these steps: expand all collapse all. 1. Fill out your court forms. Fill out these forms: Petition for Change of Name (Form NC-100), including the Attachment to Petition for Change of Name (Form NC-110). Order to Show Cause for Change of Name (Form NC-120).
4179	Right click your user picture to the upper right of the screen and select Change account picture. At the Accounts screen that loads, click the More account settings online link to the right. Enter your email address and password at the website that loads and sign into your Microsoft account. In the account summary section, click the Edit display name link.
4180	Step 3: Open Sign-in options and tap the Change button under Password. Step 4: Enter current user password and tap Next. Step 5: Type a new password, re-type it, input password hint and click Next. Step 6: Choose Finish to complete changing user password.
4181	Part 1: Change user password on Windows 10. 1  Step 1: Enter PC settings. 2  Step 2: Select Users and accounts. 3  Step 3: Open Sign-in options and tap the Change button under Password.  Step 4: Enter current user password and tap 1  Next. Step 5: Type a new password, re-type it, input password hint and click Next.
4182	Step 2: Select Sign-in options and click the Change button under Picture password. Step 3: Type user password and tap OK to confirm your account info. Step 4: Select Use this picture to continue. Step 5: Draw three new gestures (e.g. circles, straight lines and taps) on the picture.
4183	All replies. This is a sure way.... Step 1. Go to Microsoft.com and make sure your Profile name is the name you'd like for your PC account name to reflect. If it's not, change and save your Profile Name at Microsoft.com to the name you want to have displayed on your PC. Keep yourself connected to the internet through the rest of this process by minimizing the internet screen while you complete the rest of these steps. Step 2.
4184	If you aren’t using Gmail with your Google Account, follow these steps to change the email address on your account: 1  Sign in to My Account. 2  In the “Personal info & privacy” section, select Your personal info. 3  Click Email Google account email.  Enter your new email 1  address. Choose Save.
4185	To ask the court to change your name, follow these steps: Petition for Change of Name (Form NC-100), including the Attachment to Petition for Change of Name (Form NC-110). Order to Show Cause for Change of Name (Form NC-120). Civil Case Cover Sheet (Form CM-010).
4186	Lincoln, England. Lincoln (/ˈlɪŋkən/) is a cathedral city and the county town of Lincolnshire, within the East Midlands of England. The non-metropolitan district of Lincoln has a 2012 population of 94,600. The 2011 census gave the entire urban area of Lincoln (which includes North Hykeham and Waddington) a population of 130,200.
4187	Great Lakes Megalopolis The Great Lakes Megalopolis consists of the group of metropolitan areas in North America largely in the Great Lakes region and along the Saint Lawrence Seaway. It lies mainly within the Midwestern United States, but extends into western Pennsylvania and Upstate New York, as well as Southern Ontario and the southern part of Quebec in Canada.
4188	Notable people associated with Lincoln. 1  George Boole, mathematician and developer of Boolean logic, was born in Lincoln in 1815. 2  William Byrd, composer and organist who worked in Lincoln Cathedral from 1563 to 1572. 3  Penelope Fitzgerald, novelist and biographer, was born Penelope Mary Knox in the city in 1916.
4189	Lincoln Lakes Region Dialysis Detailed report on the dialysis center located in Lincoln, Maine (ME). Lincoln Lakes Region Dialysis is a small dialysis clinic with 6 stations based at 250 Enfield Road / PO Box 367 in Lincoln, ME. The non-profit facility is operated independently from any other parent chain. The center was certified by Medicare in 2004. The facility offers in-center hemodialysis services.
4190	Lincoln at a Glance Lincoln has a total population of 5,221, of which 1,268 are children under the age of 18 and 901 are seniors 65 and older. The median age is 39.8.
4191	Stations. 1  The total number of dialysis stations the facility operates. Each patient is assigned to a station when receiving dialysis treatment. 2  Indicates whether the facility offers hemodialysis services on site. Hemodialysis is the process of pumping blood through a dialyzer with dialysate.
4192	According to the Brookings Institution, if it stood alone as a country, the economy of the Great Lakes region which includes most of the Great Lakes Megalopolis, would be one of the largest economic units on earth (with a $4.5-trillion gross regional product), roughly equal to that of Japan.
4193	Lincoln (/ ˈ l ɪ ŋ k ən / LIN-kən) is a cathedral city and the county town of Lincolnshire in the East Midlands of England. The non-metropolitan district of Lincoln had a 2012 population of 94,600. The 2011 census gave the urban area of Lincoln, which includes North Hykeham and Waddington, a population of 130,200.
4194	Stations. 1  The total number of dialysis stations the facility operates. 2  Indicates whether the facility offers hemodialysis services on site. 3  Indicates whether the facility offers hemodialysis training at patients' place of residence. 4  Indicates whether the facility has a shift starting at 5:00 PM or later.
4195	The following sortable table lists the 27 statistical areas of the United States located on the Great Lakes with the following information: 1  The rank by population as of 2007-07-01, as estimated by the United States Census Bureau. 2  The census statistical area name as defined by the United States Census Bureau.
4196	The cause of uncontrolled cell growth in the pituitary gland, which creates a tumor, remains unknown. The pituitary gland is a small, bean-shaped gland situated at the base of your brain, somewhat behind your nose and between your ears. Despite its small size, the gland influences nearly every part of your body.
4197	This depends on the type of tumor and the size of the tumor. A large tumor may cause loss of vision, particularly peripheral vision, if it compresses the optic chiasm (where the optic [eye] nerves come together, located above the pituitary gland).
4198	Surgery for Pituitary Tumors. Pituitary tumor surgery involves removing all or most of the tumor that's growing on your pituitary gland. But what type of surgery you have depends on the type of pituitary tumor you have, as well as the tumor's size and shape. Surgery is typically needed for 2 reasons: If the tumor is pressing on your optic nerves, which can potentially lead to blindness.
4199	Large pituitary tumors — those measuring about 1 centimeter (slightly less than a half-inch) or larger — are known as macroadenomas. Smaller tumors are called microadenomas. Because of the size of macroadenomas, they can put pressure on the normal pituitary gland and nearby structures.
4200	Surgery is the removal of the tumor and some surrounding healthy tissue during an operation. It is the most common treatment for a pituitary gland tumor. Surgery, which is performed by a surgical oncologist, a doctor who specializes in treating a tumor using surgery, is often successful in removing the entire tumor. About 95% of surgeries to remove pituitary gland tumors are done by the transsphenoidal route.
4201	If a pituitary tumor is overproducing a hormone, there are medications that can help. The drugs bromocriptine (Parlodel) and cabergoline (Dostinex) are used to treat tumors that secrete prolactin. Octreotide (Sandostatin) or pegvisomant (Somavert) can be used to treat tumors that make growth hormone.
4202	Pituitary Tumor. Pituitary Tumor: Endoscopic Procedure Revolutionizes Pituitary Surgery. One of the most extraordinary advances pioneered at the Skull Base Institute is the minimally invasive, fully endoscopic approach to treating pituitary tumors (pituitary adenomas) and other skull base disorders.
4203	Not all pituitary tumors cause symptoms. Pituitary tumors that make hormones (functioning) can cause a variety of signs and symptoms depending on the hormone they produce. The signs and symptoms of pituitary tumors that don't make hormones (nonfunctioning) are related to their growth and the pressure they put on other structures.
4204	The pituitary gland is NOT in the brain and pituitary tissue is different from brain tissue. Since the pituitary gland is located at the base of the brain and is connected to the brain by a thin stalk, there is often confusion, particularly by insurance companies, about the classification of a pituitary tumor.
4205	Complete removal of a tumor is the desired goal. However, a minority of patients with pituitary tumor will have a recurrence of the tumor. Approximately 16% of patients with a non functioning tumor will have a tumor recurrence within 10 years and 10% require additional treatment (surgery, pituitary radiation).
4206	All vehicles registered in the UK must have a unique, stamped-in vehicle identification number (.
4207	A Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) is a set of unique digits that relate to specific information about your vehicle (1981 or newer).
4208	The 4th to 8th positions in the VIN are the vehicle descriptor section or VDS. This is used, according to local regulations, to identify the vehicle type, and may include information on the automobile platform used, the model, and the body style.
4209	You can locate and decode your vehicle's identification number (VIN) in a variety of places. 1  On the dashboard, just below the windshield (driver's side).
4210	VIN is recorded in Vehicle License of China. A vehicle identification number, commonly abbreviated to VIN, or chassis number, is a unique code including a serial number, used by the automotive industry to identify individual motor vehicles, towed vehicles, motorcycles, scooters and mopeds as defined in ISO 3833. VINs were first used in 1954.
4211	The 10th to 17th positions are used as the 'vehicle identifier section' (VIS). This is used by the manufacturer to identify the individual vehicle in question. This may include information on options installed or engine and transmission choices, but often is a simple sequential number.
4212	Instructions. Find the VIN number on the Certificate of Title. The VIN number is generally located in the upper left hand corner of the Certificate of Title and is labeled as the vehicle identification number. Check your vehicle's proof of registration.
4213	Each car and truck built after 1980 has been stamped by the manufacturer with a unique vehicle identification number or VIN. The VIN is unique to the vehicle the way your fingerprint is unique to you, and it's how we are able to deliver critical vehicle specific data in the AutoCheck ® vehicle history report.
4214	Find the VIN number of a car by using this step by step guide. The VIN number is the identification number for a car. Usually composed of both numerical and alphabetic characters, each VIN number is unique. Use this guide to discover different ways to find your vehicle's VIN number. Whether you are looking for parts for your vehicle or planning on ordering a Vehicle History Report, get started by finding the VIN number!
4215	If you can’t, you’ll have to apply for a replacement identity number. will give you an authorisation letter to get the vehicle stamped with the new. if your vehicle passes its assessment. You then need to register the vehicle-you can only do this when. receives confirmation it’s been stamped with the correct. .
4216	An encounter between at least one of humanity's ancestors and a saber-toothed tiger has been preserved for the ages, according to German researchers. And that meeting bears every indication of what one might expect -- violence.
4217	Smilodon is a sit-and-wait predator and it only pounces when its prey is close enough. The structure of the bones tells us that saber tooth cat could roar in the same way as present day cats do. They used to fight over mates. The upper canines of the saber tooth tiger are 30 cm (12 inches).
4218	The giants of the ice age such as elephant-sized sloths and sabre-toothed tigers were pushed into extinction within 100 years by a double whammy of warming and hunting by man. They once roamed the windswept plains of Patagonia in the southern tip of South America along with humans.
4219	And, in this case, they look to have come in handy. Archaeologists found saber-tooth bones alongside the spears and stone tools at the ancient embankment. The find is an early indication that earliest humans were using weapons against animals of prey. And it suggests they had violent clashes with the great cat -- an animal believed to have died off some 12,000 years ago.
4220	Species such as the South American horse, giant jaguar and sabre-toothed cat, and the enormous one-tonne short-faced bear (the largest land-based mammalian carnivore) were found widely across Patagonia, but seemed to disappear shortly after humans arrived. Read more: Heartbreaking footage of circus elephant inside electric fence
4221	Reason behind sabre toothed tiger ice age extinction revealed The tigers roamed the windswept plains of Patagonia in the southern tip of South America before their extinction 12,000 years ago Share
4222	Full Answer. Perhaps the most well known saber-toothed cat is the Smilodon, often referred to as the saber-toothed tiger. Smilodon's territory extended across North and South America, although they are often associated with the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, where thousands of intact remains have been found.
4223	It is highly likely that humans were confronted by saber-toothed cats at the Schöningen lakeside, a University of Tübingen press release reads. In that case, all the human could do was grab his up to 2.3 metres long spear and defend himself..
4224	This overlap may be partially to blame for the saber-toothed cats' disappearance. Early humans may have hunted the saber-toothed cats' primary prey to the point of extinction. It is also likely that the saber-toothed cats were hunted themselves as they continued to encounter growing populations of early humans.
4225	Saber-Toothed Tigers And Humans Met About 300,000 Years Ago At Schöningen In Present-Day Germany. Walk With Beasts exhibition, Horniman Museum, London. The Smilodon is also colloquially known as Saber-toothed cat or Saber-toothed tiger. The Smilodon is the prehistoric cat that is best known to researchers. In truth, all modern day cats, including tigers, came from a completely different line.
4226	Ground-source or water-source heat pumps can be used in more extreme climates than air-source heat pumps, and customer satisfaction with the systems is very high. A new type of heat pump for residential systems is the absorption heat pump, also called a gas-fired heat pump.bsorption heat pumps use heat as their energy source, and can be driven with a wide variety of heat sources. For more information on these specific types of heat pumps, go to: 1  Air-Source Heat Pumps. 2  Ductless Mini-Split Heat Pumps. 3  Geothermal Heat Pumps.
4227	Types of Heat Pumps. The most popular type of heat pump is an air-to-air heat pump, or air-source heat hump (ASHP). These are often mounted to the interior of a wall and used mostly in moderate climates, as performance can lag when temperatures get below 35 degrees Fahrenheit. heat pump is equipment that uses a refrigerant to move heat from one place to another. During the summer, a heat pump captures heat from inside a home and transfers it to the outdoor air through a condensing unit.
4228	All-electric furnaces have AFUE ratings of 95 percent to 100 percent, but they are not economical is many parts of the country. You can also consider electric heat pumps to heat or cool parts or all of your home. Some heat pumps can be added onto furnaces as well, to help use less gas or propane.Radiant floors, or hydronic heating systems, often use piping under a floor.ll-electric furnaces have AFUE ratings of 95 percent to 100 percent, but they are not economical is many parts of the country. You can also consider electric heat pumps to heat or cool parts or all of your home. Some heat pumps can be added onto furnaces as well, to help use less gas or propane.
4229	If you heat with electricity, a heat pump can trim the amount of electricity you use for heating by as much as 30% to 40%. High-efficiency heat pumps also dehumidify better than standard central air conditioners, resulting in less energy usage and more cooling comfort in summer months.bsorption heat pumps use heat as their energy source, and can be driven with a wide variety of heat sources. For more information on these specific types of heat pumps, go to: 1  Air-Source Heat Pumps. 2  Ductless Mini-Split Heat Pumps. 3  Geothermal Heat Pumps.
4230	One great way to get more efficient heating and cooling in your home is with a heat pump. But don't think heat pumps are just for heating. Many can be used for both heating and air conditioning. In fact, many ductless mini-split air conditioning units also operate as heat pumps.A heat pump is equipment that uses a refrigerant to move heat from one place to another.During the summer, a heat pump captures heat from inside a home and transfers it to the outdoor air through a condensing unit. heat pump is equipment that uses a refrigerant to move heat from one place to another. During the summer, a heat pump captures heat from inside a home and transfers it to the outdoor air through a condensing unit.
4231	In most American households, heating is provided by one of two types of HVAC systems: a heat pump or a furnace. Both types of heating systems are effective and reliable.he heat pump contains a set of coils in the indoor unit and another in the outdoor unit. When the system is providing heating, the refrigerant in the outdoor coils is evaporated into a gas, which absorbs heat.
4232	Hybrid Heat Split System. A Carrier hybrid heat split system is a more energy-efficient variation of the traditional heating and air conditioning split system. The inclusion of a heat pump allows the option of electricity-fueled heating and air conditioning, in addition to gas furnace heat.VAC System Types. There are 4 primary types of heating and. cooling systems: split systems, hybrid heat split systems, duct-free split systems and packaged systems.
4233	Absorption heat pumps use heat as their energy source, and can be driven with a wide variety of heat sources. For more information on these specific types of heat pumps, go to: 1  Air-Source Heat Pumps. 2  Ductless Mini-Split Heat Pumps. 3  Geothermal Heat Pumps.4  Absorption Heat Pumps.bsorption heat pumps use heat as their energy source, and can be driven with a wide variety of heat sources. For more information on these specific types of heat pumps, go to: 1  Air-Source Heat Pumps. 2  Ductless Mini-Split Heat Pumps. 3  Geothermal Heat Pumps.
4234	The combustion fuel half of the system could be propane, natural gas, oil, or even coal and wood. In comparison with a combustion fuel-fired furnace or standard heat pump alone, this type of system is also economical. Actual energy savings depend on the relative costs of the combustion fuel relative to electricity.bsorption heat pumps use heat as their energy source, and can be driven with a wide variety of heat sources. For more information on these specific types of heat pumps, go to: 1  Air-Source Heat Pumps. 2  Ductless Mini-Split Heat Pumps. 3  Geothermal Heat Pumps.
4235	Refrigerators and air-conditioning systems are really just one-way heat pumps (or a half-heat pump). Because they move heat rather than generate heat, heat pumps can provide up to four times the amount of energy they consume in electricity, according to the U.S. Department of Energy. heat pump is equipment that uses a refrigerant to move heat from one place to another. During the summer, a heat pump captures heat from inside a home and transfers it to the outdoor air through a condensing unit.
4236	What are nucleic acids made of? A nucleotide contains three components: a phosphate group, a sugar and a nitrogenous base. The phosphate group and sugar are bonded together to make the backbone portion of a nucleic acid. In DNA, the sugar is deoxyribose; in RNA, the sugar is ribose.
4237	DNA and its close relative RNA are perhaps the most important molecules in biology. They contains the instructions that make every single living organism on the planet. DNA stands for deoxyribonucleic acid and RNA for ribonucleic acid. They are polymers (long chain molecules) made from nucleotides.
4238	DNA is the genetic material, and genes are made of DNA. DNA therefore has two essential functions: replication and expression. Replication means that the DNA, with all its genes, must be copied every time a cell divides.
4239	DNA is the genetic material, and genes are made of DNA. DNA therefore has two essential functions: replication and expression. 1  Replication means that the DNA, with all its genes, must be copied every time a cell divides.  Expression means that the genes on DNA must control characteristics.
4240	What do DNA and RNA have in common? A nucleotide contains three components: a phosphate group, a sugar and a nitrogenous base. The phosphate group and sugar are bonded together to make the backbone portion of a nucleic acid. In DNA, the sugar is deoxyribose; in RNA, the sugar is ribose.
4241	Long chains of nucleotides are called nucleic acids. Two types of nucleic acids are found in organisms: deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid. DNA consists of two nucleotide chains bonded to and wrapped around one another in a twisted ladder shape called a double helix.
4242	The image in the center shows the structure of DNA. Note that there are two strands: one shown in blue, one in yellow. Other examples of a helix include yarn, a phone cord, or a spiral staircase. Each chain of the double helix is made up of repeating units called nucleotides. A single nucleotide is composed of three functional groups: a sugar, a triphosphate, and a nitrogenous (nitrogen-containing) base, as shown below.
4243	What are the elements of nucleic acids? A nucleotide contains three components: a phosphate group, a sugar and a nitrogenous base. The phosphate group and sugar are bonded together to make the backbone portion of a nucleic acid. In DNA, the sugar is deoxyribose; in RNA, the sugar is ribose.
4244	Nucleotides and the double helix. DNA, or deoxyribonucleic acid, is the heritable material found in all cells. DNA provides the instructions to build, maintain, and regulate cells and organisms and is passed on when cells divide and when organisms reproduce.
4245	DNA is made of repeating units called nucleotides. The four nucleotides in DNA are adenine, cytosine, guanine and thymine. Adenine binds with thymine, and guanine binds with cytosine.
4246	After menopause, women can experience a shrinkage of their fibroid tumors. Menopause means that the reproductive hormones, including estrogen, are decreasing; because fibroid tumors thrive on estrogen, this means the tumors will decrease in size.
4247	Fibroid tumors are sensitive to changes in a woman's monthly hormone cycle. As estrogen levels tend to increase before menopause starts, many uterine fibroids start to grow. This may make the symptoms worse. After menopause, estrogen falls dramatically.
4248	What Are the Signs & Symptoms of Uterine Fibroids After Menopause? Fibroid tumors, which are generally noncancerous growths in and/or around the uterus, can still cause significant issues for a woman's health after menopause; her general, as well as gynecological, health can be affected. Fibroid tumors, although bothersome, are usually not dangerous. Fibroid tumors can cause pelvic pain and pain during intercourse.
4249	Uterine fibroids are tumors that are not cancerous that grow on or in the muscles of the uterus (womb). They are sometimes called myoma, leiomyoma, leiomyomata and fibromyoma. All women are at risk of developing fibroids at some point in their lives. They are the most common tumor of the female reproductive system.
4250	Every woman’s body is different though. Menopause may not cause the fibroids to shrink at all, and they may even continue growing. Some women have continued to experience painful symptoms from fibroids after menopause.
4251	Some of the uterine fibroid symptoms that may still persist after menopause include: 1  Pelvic pressure: You may continue to experience severe pain similar to cramps before a period.  Urinary urgency: If the fibroids are pushing on the bladder, it can cause you to have to urinate frequently.
